`` I know Ches , he's a friend of mine .	9	mine	NN
More important is the simple human point that all men suffer , and that it is a kind of anthropological-religious pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's .	36	mine	NN
It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life .	9	mine	VB
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell .	3	mine	NN
He was my nephew , my brother's son , handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed , with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well .	27	mine	NN
It certainly isn't mine .	3	mine	NN
it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family , and therefore of mine , and they nod to me so coolly and walk away , that it hurts .	18	mine	NN
In spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of botanists which included an old friend of mine .	20	mine	NN
A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine , who used to often seclude herself in her room , often sounded through the closed door -- as I would find on passing by , between our sessions -- for all the world like two persons , a scolding mother and a defensive child .	7	mine	NN
As I was playing Mother Cabrini , the picture was actually `` all mine '' , with nearly every scene built around me .	13	mine	NN
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .	31	mine	NN
As soon as they are large enough to move , I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom .	12	mine	JJ
I realize , in taking this stand , just what it means to me and mine '' .	15	mine	VB
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine .	8	mine	NN
Whether or not Wally lost his job was no concern of mine .	11	mine	NN
`` Naw , we'll use mine '' , Moore said , opening the door of a sleek white Jaguar roadster .	5	mine	NN
A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasn't to be sneezed at .	10	mine	JJ
a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer , but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack .	3	mine	JJ
Mr. Burlingham , -- `` C.C.B. '' -- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine , S. K. Ratcliffe , whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston .	17	mine	NN
This exception may be connected with Hoijer's use of a much higher percentage of verbs : 22% of his total list as against 3.5% in mine .	25	mine	NN
Her name was Suzanne , and mine Stephen .	6	mine	NN
We had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easily match mine .	26	mine	NN
A dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England , said to me not long ago : `` I can't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity '' .	6	mine	NN
This work is no favorite of mine .	6	mine	NN
He took his glass , clinked it against mine , and said , `` Toujours gai , what the hell '' ! !	8	mine	NN
I can drop you back here to pick mine up '' .	8	mine	VB
`` Left mine many a time , only she never knew it .	2	mine	NN
His first conclusion , on behavior of individual items , is negative , whereas mine ( on Ath. and Yok. ) was partially positive .	14	mine	NN
That did it , if mine didn't .	5	mine	JJ
Also our plans for me to commit Charlie's murder and for him to commit mine .	14	mine	NN
Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me , though , and once again , I felt an inward shiver .	16	I	PRP
I went to the hall in the afternoons only , on these preliminary matters .	0	I	PRP
`` That was Tee-wah I was talking .	4	I	PRP
Man , how I love nigger pussy ! !	3	I	PRP
I do not know that this is true ; ;	0	I	PRP
Oh , yeah '' , I said .	5	I	PRP
And she answered , `` I don't know , but I hope you'll never do such a thing '' .	5	I	PRP
In The Publick Spirit of the Whigs , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ;	26	I	PRP
Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me .	4	I	PRP
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series .	0	I	PRP
When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted .	22	I	PRP
`` Can I ride around with you '' ? ?	2	I	PRP
The sommelier brought the wine first , a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered .	13	I	PRP
`` I know '' , he said , reading her mind .	1	I	PRP
`` I am currently reproducing the Last Supper on the head of a screw '' .	1	I	PRP
) , I have never wanted to know what you knew of passion .	2	I	PRP
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany .	14	I	PRP
I pointed to the splintered , upright stake .	0	I	PRP
I arrived at 7:00 a.m. and by 9:00 a.m. I had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned .	0	I	PRP
`` A stake-out , I suppose .	4	I	PRP
I just wanted to hear you say so '' .	0	I	PRP
A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region .	13	I	PRP
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .	0	I	PRP
`` We'll let him do a lot of running this week , but I don't know if he'll be able to play '' .	13	I	PRP
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent .	21	I	PRP
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee .	0	I	PRP
I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front of an apartment house .	0	I	PRP
`` I was hit -- knocked out .	1	I	PRP
I even snorted a chuckle .	0	I	PRP
After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria , the kitchen of which Masu had planned , Mr. Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo .	19	I	PRP
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him .	1	you	PRP
If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961 , it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15 , 1962 , if you file your income tax return Form 1040 , and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31 , 1962 .	1	you	PRP
So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake .	10	you	PRP
I just wanted to hear you say so '' .	5	you	PRP
If these facilities are not at the door , getting them may cost more than you expect .	15	you	PRP
`` Don't you play hard today then .	2	you	PRP
`` I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writers , brought out by non-publishers for non-readers .	7	you	PRP
`` I thought I told you to stay home '' .	5	you	PRP
`` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! !	3	you	PRP
Would you like a drink , or coffee '' ? ?	1	you	PRP
Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all .	2	you	PRP
If you know that he ( God ) is just ( righteous ) , know that everyone also who does what is just ( righteous ) has been born of him .	1	you	PRP
Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet .	5	you	PRP
`` Doesn't it ever bother you '' , Warren had asked , `` to have people always asking you about your hands '' ? ?	5	you	PRP
' And would you believe it ' , Vic added , ' she likes him better than she does me .	3	you	PRP
You know something more about me every day , don't you ? ?	0	you	PRP
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation .	3	you	PRP
Now you have to be well rounded , firm in motivation and pre-packed with knowledge '' ! !	1	you	PRP
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now '' .	2	you	PRP
You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter .	0	you	PRP
He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him .	11	you	PRP
That po'k , it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say , hoo-pig .	18	you	PRP
Ah , you were splendid '' .	2	you	PRP
I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' .	3	you	PRP
What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? ?	3	you	PRP
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ?	1	you	PRP
And Grandma isn't strong enough to take on something like that , and to tell you the truth neither am I '' .	15	you	PRP
`` Ladies and gentlemen , in place of my regular closing number tonight , I'd like to sing something of a different nature for you .	24	you	PRP
countered a twenty year old law student , `` you travel around the world .	9	you	PRP
Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy , not to say confused , state of the public mind ? ?	5	you	PRP
Yet when , at war's end , the ex-Tory made the first move to resume correspondence , Jay wrote him from Paris , where he was negotiating the peace settlement :	24	he	PRP
Martin realized , later on , that he should have `` had it out '' with Dolores that night .	7	he	PRP
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant .	24	he	PRP
`` I don't mind washing dishes now and then '' , he said pleasantly .	11	he	PRP
Carefully , he undid the bow .	2	he	PRP
She seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home , talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested .	14	he	PRP
Alfred Wallenstein , the conductor , sensitive accompanist that he is , picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of brooding , poetic mystery .	9	he	PRP
Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told , that combat was an intermittent activity .	1	he	PRP
Alex Poldowski -- in a fashion he owed a debt to that effete gentleman .	6	he	PRP
Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief .	19	he	PRP
With one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing , just expressing the euphoria of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it .	6	he	PRP
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in .	0	he	PRP
`` Don't ask me if I think the cannery helps '' , he said .	12	he	PRP
but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts .	4	he	PRP
As head of the United Nations he was the symbol of world peace , and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs precariously .	6	he	PRP
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach .	2	he	PRP
`` With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' .	13	he	PRP
With that wife of his , I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance .	8	he	PRP
One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel .	6	he	PRP
With that he hurried up the stairs , followed by her suspicious gaze .	2	he	PRP
`` All my life '' , he said , `` I tried .	6	he	PRP
And at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it .	10	he	PRP
The hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy , and he groaned .	14	he	PRP
But he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot , recruit and excite able researchers , and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making .	1	he	PRP
While he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends .	1	he	PRP
He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the Gantry galleys were finished .	0	he	PRP
Poet came in , raising his eyebrows appreciatively as he saw Elaine .	9	he	PRP
But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' .	6	he	PRP
Besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years .	32	he	PRP
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .	2	he	PRP
The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didn't know what to make of them , but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there .	2	she	PRP
For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind .	3	she	PRP
In the darkness , she saw him stirring .	4	she	PRP
If she avoided the train and hired a buggy , the stableman might have recognized her .	1	she	PRP
After correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and Miss Giles , she came to Atlanta , in the fall of 1888 , to help wherever needed , although there was then no money available to pay her a salary .	16	she	PRP
`` I read those newspaper stories about you '' , she had said .	10	she	PRP
she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her .	0	she	PRP
she wouldn't run like a scared cat .	0	she	PRP
Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb .	20	she	PRP
It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos .	17	she	PRP
When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window .	30	she	PRP
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat .	0	she	PRP
At the end of the room there was a desk heaped with papers , and she began to riffle these , making sighs and and noises of girlish exasperation .	15	she	PRP
`` Now you know she could've , but she isn't that kind of girl .	4	she	PRP
And awfully kind of Arlene '' , she told us later .	7	she	PRP
Since she could not act , one part suited her as well as any other , and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water , holding it up to the box , high above her head , to Miss Harris , who had asked for it .	1	she	PRP
America has divided more than she has united the West .	5	she	PRP
Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions , she thought sadly .	9	she	PRP
But if she wasn't interested , she'd just go back to the same life she'd left .	2	she	PRP
`` Yes , sir '' , she said , `` is that definite '' ? ?	6	she	PRP
However , she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed .	2	she	PRP
`` Time for books '' , she yelled , jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand .	6	she	PRP
Even as she called to the children , Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon .	2	she	PRP
Now , having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for , Tommy was being humiliated at every turn .	12	she	PRP
`` Non , non '' , she said , taking the bottle , `` not for that be sorry '' .	6	she	PRP
`` I have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while '' , she said wistfully Friday .	18	she	PRP
Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene ? ?	3	she	PRP
`` And how is she '' ? ?	4	she	PRP
What did she think he could do ? ?	2	she	PRP
The comfort was short-lived , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion .	6	she	PRP
In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant .	15	it	PRP
She took it with her wherever she went ; ;	2	it	PRP
Argiento made him lie down on the bed , brought a pan of hot water , dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter .	24	it	PRP
`` This deal at Las Putas Buenas where the two knife-men jumped you '' , said Rourke with interest , `` that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs. Peralta , doesn't it '' ? ?	24	it	PRP
that on the immediate horizon , if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes , it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states .	16	it	PRP
It was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or amoral one .	0	it	PRP
Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief .	1	it	PRP
With its power to investigate , the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with Dean Acheson .	25	it	PRP
The actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement .	19	it	PRP
Each system develops differently , according to the area it serves , but the universal goal is to pool the resources of a given area for maximum efficiency .	9	it	PRP
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it .	41	it	PRP
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging .	2	it	PRP
A vague feeling that Anthony Payne had had it coming was hardly a thought and was , in any event , reprehensible .	8	it	PRP
at least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making .	7	it	PRP
As such , it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a `` message '' .	3	it	PRP
The actual change Af caused by a shear field is calculated by multiplying the pressure differential times the volume , just as it is for any gravitational or osmotic pressure head .	22	it	PRP
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ;	19	it	PRP
-- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it .	38	it	PRP
Would he take pains to avoid it ? ?	6	it	PRP
( P. 215 ) when corporate abuses were attacked , it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control .	10	it	PRP
In the next moment , it seemed , the infield was crowded with spectators , ballplayers , cops , kids and a dog .	5	it	PRP
But now he knows `` that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary , he is any man whose reasoning , however elementary it may be , affects and directs his life '' .	28	it	PRP
`` Grandma wasn't expected to like it '' , Dr. Marion Hilliard , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of the '90s .	6	it	PRP
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act .	1	it	PRP
Are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did ? ?	19	it	PRP
Worry had a great deal to do with it ; ;	8	it	PRP
Nearly twenty-five years before , Captain John Davis had noted , as he sailed near the Arctic Circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' .	32	it	PRP
I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge , but I suspect that it can .	22	it	PRP
Is it that they don't care ? ?	1	it	PRP
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it .	16	it	PRP
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature .	8	we	PRP
Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century , we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful .	14	we	PRP
So when textbooks , like that of Baker set out drawings of the ' Ptolemaic System ' , complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents , we have nothing but a misleading 20th-century idea of what never existed historically .	36	we	PRP
Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is .	9	we	PRP
However , in all of Prokofieff's music , young or mature , we find his profile -- his `` signature '' -- his craftsman's attitude .	12	we	PRP
`` So , we have to protect the old man for his own good .	3	we	PRP
To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking .	3	we	PRP
`` And next year we will do -- also a Ford commission -- a piano concerto by Elliott Carter , with Jacob Lateiner as soloist .	4	we	PRP
To get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna , we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person .	17	we	PRP
When we were fighting , a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass .	1	we	PRP
He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it .	2	we	PRP
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .	2	we	PRP
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that , in our own and free world interest , we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions , as expressed in their different multi-year plans .	20	we	PRP
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight .	18	we	PRP
Proceeding in this way , from one to two and from two to three stages , we may gradually build up the policy for any number .	16	we	PRP
Andy said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer .	8	we	PRP
`` You see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' .	38	we	PRP
Before considering more recent activities , we should note another important aspect of demography in Belgian Africa .	6	we	PRP
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths .	3	we	PRP
Text lookup , as we will describe it , consists of three steps .	4	we	PRP
The average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he's always on the lookout for new and better arms .	12	we	PRP
Every library borrower , or at least those whose taste goes beyond the five-cent fiction rentals , knows what it is to hear the librarian say apologetically , `` I'm sorry , but we don't have that book .	33	we	PRP
For almost a hundred years we relied upon state courts ( subject to review by the Supreme Court ) for the protection of most rights arising under national law .	5	we	PRP
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve .	4	we	PRP
Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America .	19	we	PRP
And we don't have any money -- we don't have a dime ! !	1	we	PRP
It is ourselves and arouses memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves '' .	10	we	PRP
`` But we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two .	2	we	PRP
We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false .	0	we	PRP
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ?	22	we	PRP
In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .	33	they	PRP
She said , `` Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around .	7	they	PRP
Master Gorton , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck .	68	they	PRP
`` Have they inherited some money or something '' ? ?	2	they	PRP
We gently usher them to an island of tables and chairs strategically placed on the far side of the pool where they can amuse each other until we get ready to merge sides .	21	they	PRP
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for '' ? ?	1	they	PRP
But after that service , they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table , have bedtime prayers , and Bible stories .	5	they	PRP
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities .	1	they	PRP
Seeming to have roots in the soil , they actually have none in life .	8	they	PRP
Wales said , `` Of course they would .	6	they	PRP
By the time they reach that age , however , Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies .	3	they	PRP
Sometimes they didn't talk at all .	1	they	PRP
Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs .	40	they	PRP
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break .	10	they	PRP
All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants .	18	they	PRP
Griffith said , `` Hoag told me to tell you '' -- he waited until they were close ; ;	15	they	PRP
If you use parking attendants , can they be replaced by automatic parking gates ? ?	7	they	PRP
They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class .	0	they	PRP
Like Pilate , they had washed their hands .	3	they	PRP
As a wind direction indicator , they tied a cotton rag to a sapling .	6	they	PRP
`` Gyp'll be holdin' forth in some bar if he's here at all '' , Cobb declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs .	23	they	PRP
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician .	16	they	PRP
Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- `` Afternoon , Reverend '' ! !	1	they	PRP
On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter .	3	they	PRP
they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high-pitched roof , pinnacle , and narrow gable .	0	they	PRP
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent .	20	they	PRP
`` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' , Jefferson said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' .	3	they	PRP
But we must know if this is in accordance with your customs , and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands , to our hurt '' .	18	they	PRP
Since D and D' are both diagonalizable and they commute , they are simultaneously diagonalizable , and Af is diagonalizable .	8	they	PRP
Like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make .	26	they	PRP
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' .	22	me	PRP
Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly .	6	me	PRP
I left behind me brave men , whom captivity had robbed of all hope .	3	me	PRP
Tell me what this is all about '' .	1	me	PRP
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat .	8	me	PRP
Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive , I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women .	25	me	PRP
`` Why the hell didn't you come out when you saw them gang up on me '' ? ?	15	me	PRP
At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ?	17	me	PRP
-- Let me help him , for the love of God ! !	2	me	PRP
Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor sufferer again on the morrow .	5	me	PRP
He asked me suddenly , `` What are your political opinions '' ? ?	2	me	PRP
And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! !	16	me	PRP
`` Thou mayst have supernatural powers '' , exclaimed Yang Shan , `` yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me '' .	23	me	PRP
He heard the words : `` Rock of Ages , cleft for me , Let me hide myself in Thee ! !	12	me	PRP
He was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his selfeffacing manner .	10	me	PRP
`` It would make me feel a lot better , but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with Grandma because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' .	4	me	PRP
He gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on Radic , including diagrams -- one of the apartment building Radic lived in and one of the apartment itself .	2	me	PRP
He spoke to me in a gruff voice , an affectation which quite belied his personality .	3	me	PRP
C'mon , buddy , help me set up the kitchen and we'll have food in a minute or two '' .	5	me	PRP
Give me your address .	1	me	PRP
When I had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome , the gas people were happy to see me .	22	me	PRP
It is now no longer I that live , but Christ lives in me .	13	me	PRP
The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital .	8	me	PRP
`` Tell me about the murder '' .	2	me	PRP
`` Why pick me for your patsy ? ?	3	me	PRP
Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world .	12	me	PRP
`` Listen to me , Jorge , I've had enough to your sassing .	3	me	PRP
`` Not about me ? ?	3	me	PRP
It was better , though , he'd hit me .	8	me	PRP
I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U.S.S.R. .	15	me	PRP
He evidently earned the place assigned him .	6	him	PRP
-- he hadn't seen him sit down .	4	him	PRP
Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act .	24	him	PRP
While he was in custody his wife divorced him .	8	him	PRP
There was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and , as Claire rose to go , he asked her to sing him one song before she left .	23	him	PRP
Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country .	20	him	PRP
They assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained .	2	him	PRP
For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out .	9	him	PRP
It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order , and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting , sleeplessly .	2	him	PRP
Enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd .	11	him	PRP
Above him somewhere were the bedrooms .	1	him	PRP
Emerson , in his lecture , refers to the `` startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight , that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before , whether dreaming or waking , a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room , and heard precisely this dialogue , at some former hour , they know not when '' .	30	him	PRP
Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision .	18	him	PRP
The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him .	4	him	PRP
Seeing him in that condition , and about to enter the hall where the King , the Queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him .	1	him	PRP
Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need .	6	him	PRP
Shayne locked his big hands around Harris' thin neck and dragged him out over the seat into the roadway .	11	him	PRP
The marines let him advance .	3	him	PRP
I stalled him off .	2	him	PRP
They have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to God , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him .	38	him	PRP
Once burned -- scalded , really , because Vivian had given him every encouragement -- forever shy .	11	him	PRP
he crept in an incertain manner , patting the ground before him .	11	him	PRP
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of Milton's undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us .	29	him	PRP
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him .	4	him	PRP
I huddled miserably beside him in the truck .	4	him	PRP
Whenever she found time , she went blackberry picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day .	10	him	PRP
Really , you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure .	8	him	PRP
I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't .	2	him	PRP
Certainly , it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western World -- not his experimentations .	13	him	PRP
Still , the sensation always surprised him .	6	him	PRP
`` No , I mean how'd you get her to do it '' ? ?	8	her	PRP
This took me so funny I had to look at her .	10	her	PRP
He could not cross the living room , brush past her , and bend down to retrieve the shorts .	10	her	PRP$
He said , `` Let me take her blows , for there are demons in me too '' .	7	her	PRP$
And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! !	11	her	PRP
There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe , but there was absolutely nothing right about her either .	15	her	PRP$
He turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek .	6	her	PRP
Bobby Joe had been sitting close to her , touching her actually , and holding her hand from time to time , but it seemed at once that Howard sat much closer .	7	her	PRP$
Kissing her he whispered , several times , `` Eurydice '' .	1	her	PRP$
but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him , repeated some thousands of time , repeated with smiles and hope , `` People never live forever '' .	8	her	PRP$
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .	6	her	PRP
She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed .	15	her	PRP$
Common complaints included `` Mrs. Murphy '' leaving her windows open all the time , a fresh air fan , or the family was visiting `` Aunt Minnie '' with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil .	8	her	PRP$
`` Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' .	25	her	PRP$
No one saw her except the man Reuveni '' .	3	her	PRP
Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate's baby and at Jonathan's decision to go with the South `` And , dear Kate '' , she wrote , `` poor Dr. Breckenridge's son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South , to his good father's sorrow .	0	her	PRP$
`` I been spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice .	18	her	PRP$
but it made her look unusual .	3	her	PRP
Delphine Lalaurie took the reins in her gloved hands and drove Dandy Brandon -- cowering in the back seat of the carriage -- to her mansion at 677 Perdido Street .	6	her	PRP$
This girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life .	10	her	PRP$
After 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors .	17	her	PRP$
So I told her Mrs. Roberts would pay her in the morning , and she scooted off to her own apartment .	3	her	PRP
He started toward the stairway , then turned to add , `` Tell her to come to Adams's room , that Adams is in trouble .	13	her	PRP
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white .	4	her	PRP$
`` I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' .	3	her	PRP
His eye had fastened on her leg ; ;	5	her	PRP$
Many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her .	11	her	PRP
With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself ; ;	8	her	PRP
I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together ''	8	her	PRP$
Ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work .	16	her	PRP$
This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas , for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country .	11	it	PRP
The History takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English schoolboys , and like Britain in the nineteenth century it deteriorates badly as it goes beyond 1870 .	25	it	PRP
How's it strike you , foul or fair '' ? ?	1	it	PRP
The music surged up , but it failed to check it .	6	it	PRP
A fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights , and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and hayfields .	15	it	PRP
All this , though , is simply a prelude , a curtain-raiser , for what ensues , and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it .	26	it	PRP
and , most pervasively , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , fragmented society .	21	it	PRP
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard sledding later .	13	it	PRP
Second , in a competitive market , the customer feels his weight and throws it around .	14	it	PRP
it meant instead hardship , dirt , and death .	0	it	PRP
When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon .	9	it	PRP
The job at Funk wasn't particularly better , but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement , since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of Linda's family .	9	it	PRP
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it .	13	it	PRP
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .	23	it	PRP
He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black .	4	it	PRP
Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a `` sweet bawh t'lah lahk thet '' , but her Herman was getting to be a man , there was no getting around it .	29	it	PRP
Thus while his theory or technique may not be oversubscribed , it is commonplace for bullish and bearish positions to become temporarily over-subscribed .	11	it	PRP
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .	33	it	PRP
`` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .	3	it	PRP
And Zen Buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release .	5	it	PRP
If it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz .	1	it	PRP
Poetry , he said , must be `` dogmatic '' : it must not stoop to argue like a `` K.C. in cloth-of-gold '' .	11	it	PRP
The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it .	11	it	PRP
Felix Kopstein states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length '' , but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity .	11	it	PRP
but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did .	9	it	PRP
But we would like your permission to do -- that is , to go further if it proves necessary '' .	16	it	PRP
Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also .	24	it	PRP
They `` operate on a volume basis '' , it was contended , `` and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community '' .	9	it	PRP
, across the envelope , and now Theresa had it , all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope .	9	it	PRP
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain .	5	it	PRP
But the two weeks dragged into three , and they were still with us .	13	us	PRP
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization .	14	us	PRP
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past .	4	us	PRP
I thought he would ask us to leave because Rachel and I were bare-armed , but he looked down into his beard and preceded us down the corridor .	5	us	PRP
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ;	14	us	PRP
Are we not late , especially those of us who call ourselves Friends , in doing enough about this lack of understanding ? ?	8	us	PRP
Since the Connally amendment has the effect of giving the same right to the other party to a dispute with the United States , it also prevents us from using the court effectively .	27	us	PRP
In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant .	15	us	PRP
We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it .	26	us	PRP
He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat .	9	us	PRP
He didn't want us to get married .	3	us	PRP
Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda .	1	us	PRP
It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in .	4	us	PRP
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ?	4	us	PRP
Add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity .	9	us	PRP
Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .	24	us	PRP
Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking , fly here to open Nov. 28 , and close Dec. 2 .	4	us	PRP
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' .	20	us	PRP
This brings us squarely to the problem of power , and the uses a nation makes of power .	2	us	PRP
`` You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy '' ? ?	9	us	PRP
This huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream .	18	us	PRP
`` Seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell '' .	20	us	PRP
It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully .	15	us	PRP
We expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be .	10	us	PRP
In short , the traditional epithet for Milton of ' Lady of Christ's ' , while eminently fitting , rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing Milton left us .	37	us	PRP
Hans shook his head but neither of us tried to stop her .	7	us	PRP
The PM might show he drowned instead , but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us .	14	us	PRP
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us .	51	us	PRP
Let's get dressed up -- the doctor's taking us out tonight '' .	8	us	PRP
To `` Monty '' , the American people , who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight , `` now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World War '' .	33	us	PRP
A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money .	24	them	PRP
He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face .	13	them	PRP
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair .	41	them	PRP
You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house .	2	them	PRP
Walitzee was among them , and Sarpsis , and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing .	3	them	PRP
If this capacity had not failed them , they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous miscalculation .	6	them	PRP
She held Jonathan's letter , his words burning like a brand , and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed .	19	them	PRP
Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions , it was important to both Roosevelt and Churchill that the Poles should have them .	22	them	PRP
If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out .	12	them	PRP
their passions were genuine , and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut .	9	them	PRP
`` One of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed .	3	them	PRP
In describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production , he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because `` I didn't know how to save paint '' , but because the play required them .	46	them	PRP
We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .	25	them	PRP
He put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them .	17	them	PRP
he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in .	2	them	PRP
The cowboy made a technical distinction in reference to the number of them animals .	12	them	PRP
Chairman C. Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go .	42	them	PRP
In the very front rank , two men were wounded and staggered along , trailing blood behind them .	17	them	PRP
Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British , giving them another telling round of fire .	18	them	PRP
Yet , paradoxically , according to Dr. Maurice Linden , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them .	20	them	PRP
He wanted to turn them , putting the wagon against the storm .	4	them	PRP
Tonight at 8 o'clock the Cardinals , who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960 , breaking even with them , will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions .	23	them	PRP
She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately .	17	them	PRP
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .	23	them	PRP
Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much .	17	them	PRP
the time to decide on them is now .	5	them	PRP
O my genius , young and ripening , you would swear , -- when I wrote them ; ;	16	them	PRP
Finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them .	30	them	PRP
Thornburg knew , better than any of them , that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty .	7	them	PRP
In this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their erection .	7	them	PRP
I would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; ;	17	my	PRP$
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her .	6	my	PRP$
She came out pink from a hot bath , and I gave her my robe .	13	my	PRP$
`` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced .	4	my	PRP$
Too many outside manners , to my taste .	6	my	PRP$
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time .	24	my	PRP$
He said , `` I'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those '' --	9	my	PRP$
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .	1	my	PRP$
To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence .	13	my	PRP$
In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on .	19	my	PRP$
When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck , watering my eyes , and I backed off to cough .	20	my	PRP$
His smile was quick , and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp .	14	my	PRP$
So I went about my business .	4	my	PRP$
`` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way .	3	my	PRP$
Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks .	2	my	PRP$
Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` the Yankees keep shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' .	23	my	PRP$
I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive .	21	my	PRP$
`` Both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgement '' .	6	my	PRP$
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview .	9	my	PRP$
In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough .	1	my	PRP$
If I am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love , I will have to stop trying to emulate the transcendant nightingale .	9	my	PRP$
Of another colleague , George Santayana , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book .	16	my	PRP$
Old Chris is my ideal .	3	my	PRP$
He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and Ham Richert , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem .	16	my	PRP$
`` Every month , f'r three days '' , he said happily , `` I take no water into my system , no water whatsoever .	19	my	PRP$
I pay my personal tribute to Sam Rayburn , stalwart Texan and great American , not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry Clay , but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress .	2	my	PRP$
Across the street on my right I saw the Hippodrome , now a park .	4	my	PRP$
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .	51	my	PRP$
A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or , even more serious perhaps , that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap .	4	my	PRP$
As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' .	11	my	PRP$
`` When you pile your `` guy '' on the bonfire tomorrow night , I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will remember ? ?	4	your	PRP$
Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session .	12	your	PRP$
Yet your editorial said : `` Now the Attorney General writes that no considerations ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion ' '' .	1	your	PRP$
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ;	12	your	PRP$
He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought .	8	your	PRP$
And I will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband .	11	your	PRP$
You also , when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins .	10	your	PRP$
A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated , `` His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' .	21	your	PRP$
Sick pay , if included in your Gross Income , is deducted in arriving at Adjusted Gross Income .	6	your	PRP$
Maybe that's your forte .	2	your	PRP$
This machine will cure your cancer-ridden body '' .	4	your	PRP$
So you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions .	12	your	PRP$
`` Your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs -- voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; ;	1	your	PRP$
`` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows .	3	your	PRP$
He is in your hands -- now .	3	your	PRP$
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters .	11	your	PRP$
Christ in you , your hope of glory .	4	your	PRP$
You then descended one story , glommed a television set from the music room -- the only constructive feature of your visit , by the way -- and , returning to the ground floor , entered the master bedroom .	20	your	PRP$
There is the free intra-city `` rent it here , leave it there '' service , as an example , the free delivery and collection at the airport , dockside or your hotel , luggage racks , touring documents and information and other similar services .	31	your	PRP$
Don't you have to spend any time on your ranch '' ? ?	8	your	PRP$
`` I'll call your mother as soon as I get home .	3	your	PRP$
Quite candidly , fellows , I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the rice in China .	9	your	PRP$
Whether in his forthcoming book C. P. Snow commits the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily autobiographical critic charged him is important .	18	your	PRP$
Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet .	22	your	PRP$
In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed .	4	your	PRP$
`` Well '' , he said , `` got your man fixed up nice down there .	9	your	PRP$
Install your disappearing stair ( or stairs ) to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling .	1	your	PRP$
You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home .	27	your	PRP$
`` We'll talk over at your office '' .	5	your	PRP$
To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising , your dentist can do these things :	8	your	PRP$
`` No longer than yours .	4	yours	NNS
Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' .	8	yours	NNS
Compassionately yours ,	1	yours	NNS
Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ?	7	yours	NNS
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now .	3	yours	NNS
You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and , besides , nobody else is going to have the courage .	10	yours	VBN
And we'll be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours -- and all because of that '' --	14	yours	NNS
`` It was only the other day that I saw something of yours , about something or other , in some magazine '' .	12	yours	NNS
`` We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice .	10	yours	NNS
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours .	8	yours	NNS
The choice is yours : the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God ; ;	3	yours	NNS
I used yours '' .	2	yours	NNS
`` Hesperus , don't use this t-tau vector trick of yours , please .	10	yours	NNS
`` I'd better keep on driving yours '' , Shayne decided , `` because I'll be going on over to the Beach .	6	yours	NN
Don't let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours .	17	yours	NNS
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .	28	yours	PRP
`` But this simply requires that they behave in accordance with the dictates of their own natures , and respect yours in turn .	20	yours	NNS
`` No , the decision is yours .	6	yours	NNS
Neither his appetites , his exacerbations , nor his despair were kin to yours .	13	yours	NNS
Ever yours sincerely ,	1	yours	RB
Not yours .	1	yours	NNS
`` Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women .	8	yours	NNS
`` I didn't really use yours '' , she went on .	5	yours	NNS
We are acutely aware that yours is a society which , in spite of several wars and many privations , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world .	5	yours	NN
In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked , telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning .	19	his	PRP$
Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had , on December 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct `` relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary '' .	6	his	PRP$
Jay had participated in the decision that exiled his old friend Van Schaack .	8	his	PRP$
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him .	14	his	PRP$
The bulk of his early reputation , however , came not from his poetry or his music , but from his excellence as an orator .	3	his	PRP$
He stopped pacing , leaned against the dank , timbered wall and let his mind drift .	13	his	PRP$
But as he discovers shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson .	17	his	PRP$
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle .	6	his	PRP$
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book .	12	his	PRP$
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury .	7	his	PRP$
What ought to be , what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change ? ?	7	his	PRP$
he is better fitted to perform his social life among his fellows .	6	his	PRP$
Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind : William Styron mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for Bankhead McGruder , a Civil War general , now renamed , in typical California fashion , `` Buena Vista Terrace '' .	17	his	PRP$
I reached my hand toward him to put it inside his shirt to feel for a heartbeat , but Charlie said `` Wait '' ! !	10	his	PRP$
Matsuo shook his head .	2	his	PRP$
Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .	27	his	PRP$
Carl , who was stationed in Appleton , Wisconsin , organizing for the Social Democrats , was in Berger's office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar .	23	his	PRP$
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' .	4	his	PRP$
Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over lions' heads with poles , and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago , not the gentler ones of today , and this one was angry , with good reason .	5	his	PRP$
David finished shaving , washed his face clean of lather , and combed and retied his hair .	5	his	PRP$
Morgan jerked his head toward the front door .	2	his	PRP$
He also struck his aunt and wife , and during the melee the baby also suffered scratches .	3	his	PRP$
Everyone held his or her breath .	2	his	PRP$
He recalls with a wry smile the wit who said , on returning from a homecoming reunion , that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they didn't even recognize him .	26	his	PRP$
One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret .	15	his	PRP$
In his chapter on `` The Loveways Of The Beat Generation '' , Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details .	1	his	PRP$
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away .	6	his	PRP$
It recurred in the press conferences : the President's remarks about his running developed a singular tone , one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter .	11	his	PRP$
John Adams fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology , wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts , negotiated , with Franklin and Jay , the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President .	13	his	PRP$
As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers .	21	his	PRP$
He was in earnest conversation with her father and the old vaquero , Luis Hernandez .	6	her	PRP$
Next Susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month , depending on the severity of her condition .	22	her	PRP$
the coachman and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down Perdido Street .	7	her	PRP
Acting only as interpreter Carla , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal .	6	her	PRP$
`` What the hell do I care what you do with her all day ? ?	11	her	PRP$
Had she been in such a turmoil that this had slipped her mind ? ?	11	her	PRP$
He treats her like she was dirt .	2	her	PRP$
As she gained composure during the second act , her technical resourcefulness emerged stronger , though she had already revealed a trill almost unprecedented in years of performances of `` Lucia '' .	9	her	PRP$
She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles .	12	her	PRP$
In or out , should I kiss her goodnight ? ?	7	her	PRP$
He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled , then went to his room to read .	5	her	PRP$
She was ' hiding ' on the floor of the back seat , the soft curves of her back and hips -- rousing lines .	17	her	PRP$
She'd have gotten him , if I hadn't stopped her .	9	her	PRP
stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps ; ;	1	her	PRP
She was thinking of Paul a few weeks ago , in the Easter holidays , with her at one of those awful Friday Evening Dancing Class parties her mother had made her attend .	16	her	PRP$
He was downright worried about her , but there was one more thing he could try .	5	her	PRP
Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose .	12	her	PRP$
It is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room , with her meals taken at Vesuvio's , an excellent Italian restaurant .	5	her	PRP$
The thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him , although he was even more touched by her plumpness .	8	her	PRP$
There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me .	7	her	PRP$
But with her hand poem again .	2	her	PRP$
Her mother called her Paus'l , a Luxemburg endearment meaning `` pussycat '' .	0	her	PRP$
Irene suits rate high because they are designed for her long-bodied silhouette .	9	her	PRP$
She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked .	7	her	PRP$
The haughty white girl turned to a distinguished , hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured : `` Look at your watch , Col. Garvier .	13	her	PRP$
She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates , although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that .	5	her	PRP$
The uptown crowd has moved in , and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a turtleneck sweater for a button-down collar ? ?	11	her	PRP$
I guess she was between affairs or something , but anyway , she had set her sights on Johnnie , my Johnnie .	15	her	PRP$
By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration .	1	her	PRP$
And if he surrendered after raving at her .	7	her	PRP
A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way :	4	hers	NNS
The contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year , and while the money , of course , was not hers , it excited her to stuff her kit with big checks .	23	hers	NNS
How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers .	10	hers	NNS
I lived to see an envelope of hers in the morning mail and to lock myself in my room in the afternoon to reread her letter for the tenth time and finally prepare an answer .	7	hers	NNS
But Cathy was Myra's responsibility , not hers .	7	hers	NNS
Perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh , so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers ; ;	23	hers	NNS
The danger lay not in believing that our own A-bombs would deter Russia's use of hers ; ;	15	hers	NNS
and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .	45	hers	NNS
Every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things : Stowey , yes , was on his way south , and the two boys were away in school , and nothing was burning on the stove , and Lucretia was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers .	51	hers	NNS
`` I don't know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not , but I want to see who takes the call '' .	9	hers	NNS
As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers .	25	hers	NNS
`` That story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony .	4	hers	NNS
The bodice beneath was buttoned and , withdrawing his lips from hers , he set her upright on his knee and started to undo it , unhurriedly as if she were a child .	11	hers	NNS
Beside his shorts , he would place something of hers .	9	hers	NNS
He fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and closets , so his life might impinge as little as possible on hers .	24	hers	NNS
If she , Pamela , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation .	14	hers	NNS
Kansas , regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill , spends $9 per day per patient .	9	its	PRP$
We had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to hide , and , therefore , had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public .	27	its	PRP$
There was a 34 foot Wheeler with Chief Bob's in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock .	14	its	PRP$
Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages .	8	its	PRP$
Of straight dramas , there are All The Way Home , which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel , A Death In The Family ; ;	15	its	PRP$
Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership .	7	its	PRP$
Dawn would come soon and the night was at its coldest .	9	its	PRP$
The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage .	22	its	PRP$
It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully .	3	its	PRP$
Headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days , threatening to expand beyond its boundaries .	17	its	PRP$
The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain .	23	its	PRP$
However , this Court put to one side without consideration the Government's appeal from the dismissal of its Sherman Act allegations .	17	its	PRP$
Two days later , some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie , sinking a troopship -- and it had been that very night that the Me-210 had made its first appearance .	32	its	PRP$
The plan called for divestiture by Du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years .	9	its	PRP$
Without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a highboard around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside .	8	its	PRP$
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion .	9	its	PRP$
The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , Wayne .	9	its	PRP$
What Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws .	9	its	PRP$
In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant .	35	its	PRP$
The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency , whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible , inaudible and intactible to them .	13	its	PRP$
The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks .	31	its	PRP$
The firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning .	9	its	PRP$
Possible upshots : The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments , or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made .	11	its	PRP$
For example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section 1231 , presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation .	27	its	PRP$
`` Nevertheless , you were its agent .	5	its	PRP$
He did receive a resume of it -- the same that was furnished the appeal board -- and he made no claim of its inaccuracy .	23	its	PRP$
In its account of the Trafton lecture , the Providence Daily Post said that the remarks of Rev. Trafton made the people indignant .	1	its	PRP$
A Pollock is an object of art -- bijouterie -- disguised only by its great size .	13	its	PRP$
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark .	14	its	PRP$
Early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university .	18	its	PRP$
Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion , he argued that the responsibility of the United States is `` to do , confidently and firmly , not what is popular , but what is right '' .	10	our	PRP$
In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub , snowball , rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead .	8	our	PRP$
Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals .	15	our	PRP$
Eldest of the seven , Benjamin Franklin , a New Englander transplanted to Philadelphia , wrote the most dazzling success story in our history .	22	our	PRP$
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red Ribes sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins .	25	our	PRP$
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States .	2	our	PRP$
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen .	34	our	PRP$
As our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident .	1	our	PRP$
Lastly , the speaker decried our organized program of emergency help calling it `` Civilian Defense '' .	5	our	PRP$
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies .	9	our	PRP$
`` Just our luck '' ! !	2	our	PRP$
He was in London `` searching records for our town's causes '' in 1600 with young Henry Sturley , the assistant schoolmaster .	8	our	PRP$
That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good .	18	our	PRP$
But it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached .	9	our	PRP$
We are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods , or components for industrial products , and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction .	23	our	PRP$
the lilacs themselves , that bloomed so prodigally but for the most part beyond our reach ; ;	14	our	PRP$
But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ .	7	our	PRP$
It is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable .	12	our	PRP$
Pozzatti and I endeavored earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes .	7	our	PRP$
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Saturday , May 20th , 1961 , as Armed Forces Day , reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty .	38	our	PRP$
I believe that these proposals , however meritorious in terms of world needs , go far beyond our capacity to realize them .	17	our	PRP$
Neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe .	1	our	PRP$
In life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do .	6	our	PRP$
we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them .	10	our	PRP$
It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953 , which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance .	31	our	PRP$
We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery .	2	our	PRP$
A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' .	33	our	PRP$
And it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith .	19	our	PRP$
This is , however , symptomatic of our national malaise .	7	our	PRP$
The great advances made in recent years in Communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated citizenry in the Western world .	12	our	PRP$
Suppose , he says , that the tables were turned , and we were in the Soviets' position : `` There would be more than 2,000 modern Soviet fighters , all better than ours , stationed at 250 bases in Mexico and the Caribbean .	33	ours	NNS
In the heat of the summer , the garden solitudes were ours alone ; ;	11	ours	JJ
In certain respects , their task was incomparably greater than ours today , for there was nobody before them to show them the way .	10	ours	NNS
The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entitled `` East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours .	27	ours	NNS
This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours .	25	ours	NNS
All polemic of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible impersonally .	3	ours	NNS
Nature's aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation .	5	ours	NN
In the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida , the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours .	25	ours	NNS
The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation .	12	ours	NNS
When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours .	35	ours	NNS
The English schools preceded ours , and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching .	4	ours	NNS
Their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool , but on our terms and at our times .	3	ours	NNS
The Martians have their own setup , different from ours , and as long as they need him , we can't touch him .	9	ours	NN
With these we shape our destiny and own private property , and that , sir , makes ours the best of all possible societies .	17	ours	PRP
Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' .	23	ours	NNS
We have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also attempting to acquaint you with that of ours .	22	ours	NNS
In societies like ours , however , its place is less clear and more complex .	3	ours	NNS
If 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position , we had to kill 495 before it was ours -- and then the last five killed themselves '' .	18	ours	VBN
`` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats .	33	ours	NNS
Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' .	1	ours	NNS
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .	20	ours	NNS
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours .	10	ours	NNS
yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate .	13	ours	NNS
Of course , nationalism has really outlived its usefulness in a country as world-oriented as ours , and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture lags of the twentieth-century United States .	15	ours	NNS
That test , as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .	28	ours	NNS
Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1 .	3	their	PRP$
But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country .	11	their	PRP$
Drought , hail , disease , and insects take their toll of crops .	9	their	PRP$
Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area ; ;	11	their	PRP$
Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work .	6	their	PRP$
Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility .	13	their	PRP$
The truck routes , the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay .	22	their	PRP$
They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time , but it made their lips and eyelids tremble .	16	their	PRP$
The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations .	7	their	PRP$
They lay a little too stiffly , with their eyes straining to stay closed .	8	their	PRP$
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ?	27	their	PRP$
And she was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog , mad as she was at his going away when he really didn't have to , mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by .	40	their	PRP$
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles .	14	their	PRP$
It is not disturbing them by thoughts of their Christian responsibility in relation to the world .	8	their	PRP$
For most Brooklyn College students , college is at once a perpetuation of their ethnic attachments and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family .	13	their	PRP$
Dice rolled , prostitutes plied their trade , thieves stole , murderers stabbed , and the ungodly blasphemed .	5	their	PRP$
Dewey Lawrence , a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers .	25	their	PRP$
Then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed .	4	their	PRP$
Their names are Mantle and Maris , their team is the Yankees , and their threat is real .	0	their	PRP$
The meetings in Zurich , the statement said , would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government .	21	their	PRP$
`` Los Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster '' , he said .	11	their	PRP$
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion .	30	their	PRP$
In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization , at first hesitantly in Protogeometric work , and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style .	1	their	PRP$
Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?	12	their	PRP$
Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins .	4	their	PRP$
Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .	6	their	PRP$
They feel they are leagued against a hostile , persecutory world , faced with the concerted malevolent opposition of squares and their hirelings , the police .	21	their	PRP$
I spade lots of compost into their bed ; ;	6	their	PRP$
But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance ? ?	8	their	PRP$
They provided a social security system which covered all their African employes ; ;	9	their	PRP$
In another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs .	34	theirs	NN
When we give the necessities of life to the poor , we restore to them what is already theirs .	18	theirs	JJ
In the room next to theirs was a huge cradle , of mahogany , ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf .	5	theirs	VB
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs .	55	theirs	PRP
Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's .	38	theirs	VBZ
It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs .	16	theirs	NNS
At the same time , I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ;	32	theirs	PRP
She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy , and that Koussevitzky's second cousin was an intimate of theirs .	33	theirs	NNS
These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , misty-eyed with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting .	17	theirs	NNS
One arm represented our bombers and missiles , the other arm `` theirs '' .	12	theirs	JJ
On this side of the Bay , Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen , and Shayne's pistol permit was just as good as theirs .	29	theirs	NNS
Initially , having fewer units of some elements -- especially submarines -- than the opponent , our capabilities need to be sufficiently greater than theirs , so that the exchange will be in our favor .	24	theirs	PRP
Let this generation have theirs .	4	theirs	VBN
The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs .	12	theirs	VB
Ours were kinder than theirs , some said .	4	theirs	PRP
But theirs defied the detectors .	1	theirs	PRP
Moreover , it is likely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to rising Federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like .	39	theirs	PRP
the kingdom of Heaven is theirs '' .	5	theirs	JJ
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were .	36	theirs	NN
This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair -- in short , behaving as if I owned her room .	102	myself	PRP
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional .	6	myself	PRP
Well , I can't resolve this myself .	6	myself	PRP
When I'd delivered myself of that gem there was nothing to do but order up another drink .	3	myself	PRP
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once .	1	myself	PRP
He heard the words : `` Rock of Ages , cleft for me , Let me hide myself in Thee ! !	17	myself	PRP
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .	24	myself	NN
Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket brigades standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad .	56	myself	PRP
I am really ill at the present moment , and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself '' .	21	myself	PRP
Bravado has been alternately described as `` a symbol of the new grandeur of France and myself '' ( De Gaulle ) and `` a decadent , disgusting slob '' ! !	16	myself	PRP
No , no it was an unfortunate resemblance , that was all it was , and I turned to Dick , forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind .	22	myself	PRP
I could not bring myself to answer that `` some of my best friends are non-propagating mules '' .	4	myself	PRP
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms .	1	myself	PRP
As I dug in behind one of the bales we were using as protection , I grudgingly found myself agreeing with Oso's logic , especially when I imagined what would have happened to Missy if Old Knife's large party of screeching warriors had overrun our company .	18	myself	PRP
By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody .	35	myself	PRP
By myself I'll be fine '' .	1	myself	PRP
`` Dean and myself will try to cut out horses to ride '' , he said .	3	myself	PRP
I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics .	3	myself	PRP
Still , I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Montero's methods .	6	myself	PRP
I love you , I hate you , I feel like killing you and myself , and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on , meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living .	14	myself	PRP
Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not .	8	myself	PRP
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business .	2	myself	PRP
At the same time , however , I availed myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up , Sir Gauntley Pratt , to do a `` quickie '' called The Mystery of the Mad Marquess , in which I played a young American girl who inherits a haunted castle on the English moors which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and , unbeknownst to anyone , is still occupied by an eccentric maniac .	9	myself	PRP
I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' .	14	myself	NN
`` I'm about to leave myself .	5	myself	PRP
Master Gorton , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck .	36	myself	PRP
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing .	4	myself	PRP
Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her livelihood , her home and her nation itself are all imperilled .	11	myself	PRP
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days .	21	myself	PRP
( I myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers .	2	myself	PRP
Be excited and don't identify yourself .	5	yourself	PRP
Really , you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure .	10	yourself	PRP
`` You are young , intelligent , have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself , but you mess it up with whiskey , indifference , self-destructive attitudes .	19	yourself	PRP
Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn ? ?	3	yourself	PRP
So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' .	3	yourself	PRP
Then , after I'm back , another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy '' .	15	yourself	PRP
Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference .	9	yourself	PRP
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them .	6	yourself	PRP
`` Yes , it sounds great '' , I said , `` but suppose you don't think of yourself as an impressionist painter '' ? ?	18	yourself	PRP
On the other hand , you may seek His favor , humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy , implore His forgiveness , forsake your sins , and abandon your whole life to Him .	12	yourself	PRP
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house .	4	yourself	PRP
-- be ashamed of yourself .	4	yourself	PRP
The Americans , like yourself , take the fact for granted , try to be helpful , but don't ask questions .	4	yourself	PRP
Coping with them demands stern discipline -- of yourself as well as of your family , neighbors , friends and anyone you ever talked to on a transoceanic jet .	8	yourself	PRP
Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. and one a.m. the night you arrive '' .	8	yourself	PRP
With or without professional help , you will have to be able to do some of these jobs yourself unless you have a full-time pool nurse .	18	yourself	PRP
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' .	11	yourself	PRP
Maybe you will surprise yourself .	4	yourself	PRP
And you also got this little spark in your bird-brain that tells you to turn around before you drown yourself .	19	yourself	PRP
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment .	2	yourself	PRP
An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road .	14	yourself	PRP
You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it .	3	yourself	PRP
You identify yourself and ask him what's going on .	2	yourself	PRP
In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed .	14	yourself	PRP
`` Leigh , get a grip on yourself .	7	yourself	PRP
`` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but won't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ?	19	yourself	PRP
But you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who , being with the army , don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars '' .	6	yourself	PRP
You wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it , and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you couldn't be happy yourself , to give somebody else the one they wanted -- to give them you .	35	yourself	PRP
Finally he said , `` Tell me about yourself '' , and Linda Kay told him , because she thought herself that she had had an interesting life .	8	yourself	PRP
More likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation .	6	yourself	PRP
It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church .	8	himself	PRP
He would settle himself into his seat to laugh .	3	himself	PRP
Tonight a group of men , tomorrow night he himself , would go out there somewhere and wait .	9	himself	PRP
Some who have written on Utopia have treated it as `` a learned diversion of a learned world '' , `` a phantasy with which More amused himself '' , `` a holiday work , a spontaneous overflow of intellectual high spirits , a revel of debate , paradox , comedy and invention '' .	27	himself	PRP
he trusts only himself and his wife .	3	himself	PRP
He has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ?	4	himself	PRP
`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' .	16	himself	PRP
But he didn't play golf , didn't seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot , of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself .	35	himself	PRP
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke .	4	himself	PRP
`` And your golden god '' , said Samuel Burns , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath .	18	himself	PRP
In his fulminating against the literary world , Krim is really struggling with the New Yorker in himself , but it's a losing battle .	17	himself	PRP
He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him .	2	himself	PRP
In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed .	10	himself	PRP
The former county school superintendent , George P. Callan , shot himself to death March 18 , four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board .	11	himself	PRP
It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself .	21	himself	PRP
He forced himself to stay frozen there .	2	himself	PRP
indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them .	13	himself	PRP
Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him .	10	himself	PRP
And the life that I now live in the flesh , I live in the faith of the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself up for me .	27	himself	PRP
The President had set for himself the task , which he believed vital , of awakening the U. S. and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance .	5	himself	PRP
He would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory , however it was brought about , would be sweet indeed .	15	himself	PRP
For instance , the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and , with photographic realism , sees Smith driving the car ; ;	6	himself	PRP
He felt very cunning , very proud of himself as he played on the other man's soft spot .	8	himself	PRP
Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later .	12	himself	PRP
He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself .	11	himself	PRP
Nikita Khrushchev , however , has created yet another problem for himself .	11	himself	PRP
He straightened himself , soldierly against the wall , and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots .	2	himself	PRP
John himself was bruised and clawed from head to tail , but he was in this fight to the finish , running almost as strongly now as in the morning .	1	himself	PRP
While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .	49	himself	PRP
Khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of animosity he has aroused , yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on following compulsively in his footsteps .	1	himself	PRP
She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control .	15	herself	PRP
Edmonia for her mother , she said firmly , Jennifer , for herself , and --	12	herself	NN
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) .	8	herself	PRP
She described herself and her circumstances unhesitatingly .	2	herself	PRP
At the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen , who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning .	21	herself	PRP
A graduate of Hollywood High School , she likes to imagine herself , as she takes the floor , `` a village girl coming in to a festival '' .	11	herself	PRP
Maggie couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back ; ;	12	herself	PRP
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad .	3	herself	PRP
She said to herself , abandoning the cardinals and the cowbirds .	3	herself	VB
it was what she had been thinking herself .	7	herself	PRP
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! !	32	herself	VB
Later , she apologized for the long scratch across his face , tried to explain she couldn't help herself , that the panic arose in her unwanted .	18	herself	PRP
I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out .	14	herself	PRP
She could take care of herself and her ambulatory half , in any situation already recorded in the annals of Central Worlds and any situation its most fertile minds could imagine .	5	herself	NN
As she goes , she herself will be illuminated .	5	herself	PRP
She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked .	2	herself	PRP
They were an old fat couple ( as Linda Kay described them to herself ) , a thick middle-aged man , and a girl about ten or twelve .	13	herself	PRP
He shouted at her and told her he loved her and couldn't understand why she had upset herself .	17	herself	PRP
She gave herself a title , Lady Diana Harrington .	2	herself	PRP
Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it .	4	herself	PRP
She paused at the kitchen door , caught her breath , told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen , where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys .	12	herself	PRP
As he declaimed the sonorous measures , it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings .	17	herself	PRP
`` Singing '' as applicable to herself required research .	6	herself	VB
She told herself rebelliously , and with pride , I am an American ! !	2	herself	PRP
As it happens the English lady is a good Catholic herself , but of more liberal political persuasion .	10	herself	PRP
There was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself .	38	herself	PRP
She smiled to herself .	3	herself	VB
Then , Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful .	4	herself	PRP
Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .	6	herself	NN
One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself .	19	herself	NN
The most reaction can achieve is stasis , and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself .	25	itself	PRP
The set of intersections of Af , the rotated curve , with the original curve C consists of just the set of forward corner points on C corresponding to the vertex at Af , plus the vertex itself .	37	itself	PRP
Despite the hopelessness of the response , it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself .	17	itself	PRP
It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself .	34	itself	PRP
Thus with regard to the loss of tradition , in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul , a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent , but no longer as a man .	21	itself	PRP
If this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise .	31	itself	PRP
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .	32	itself	PRP
The push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide .	2	itself	PRP
The material of the Porter film is simplicity itself ; ;	8	itself	PRP
Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses .	30	itself	PRP
The dissection of scientific theory , the examination of a theory from the vantage-points of language , epistemology , and ethics , is itself a distinct contribution to knowledge , no less so because of its removal from empirical research .	23	itself	PRP
The result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be `` reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad '' , and pledged to hold `` free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot '' .	26	itself	PRP
The ideal of a liberal education impresses itself upon the students more and more as they move through college .	7	itself	PRP
A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself .	16	itself	PRP
In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements .	1	itself	PRP
The part can lend itself to serious treatment ; ;	4	itself	PRP
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve .	3	itself	PRP
The news of battle on Breed's Hill had already seeped through , and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local Provincial Congress .	15	itself	PRP
The placement of your pool , however , will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool owning -- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety .	11	itself	PRP
The already faded pastel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in Fistoulari's melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly , if suave , sentimentality .	9	itself	PRP
That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates .	5	itself	PRP
In its beginnings the nation-state had to struggle to assert itself -- internally , against feudal groups , and externally , against the power and influence of such other claimants for loyalty as the Church .	10	itself	PRP
And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .	27	itself	PRP
Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself .	10	itself	PRP
The chase in itself is a narrative ; ;	3	itself	PRP
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused .	1	itself	PRP
The second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the `` in-group '' that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees , is , therefore , the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself .	47	itself	PRP
The new Council was itself inescapably of political meaning , which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any U.N.F.P. members and the presence of several Istiqlal leaders .	4	itself	PRP
Whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal Church , in vital relation with the whole Body of Christ and participating in His mission to the world , a necessary foundation-stone of the ecumenical movement has been laid .	5	itself	PRP
Eventually , rupture occurs along the shear plane ( 9e ) , and the cycle repeats itself .	16	itself	PRP
A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language , history and literature , Kennan recalls how , at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a State Department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries '' .	52	ourselves	PRP
As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation .	15	ourselves	PRP
I won't try the experiment , but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go , there would be quite an explosion .	24	ourselves	PRP
And so , after a flight southeast to Savannakhet , we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the Land-Rover of Prince Boun Oum of Champassak , a tall man of Churchillian mien in a bush jacket and a ten-gallon hat from Texas .	12	ourselves	PRP
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need .	8	ourselves	PRP
By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces .	20	ourselves	PRP
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .	18	ourselves	NNS
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live .	2	ourselves	PRP
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger , or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger .	3	ourselves	PRP
We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly .	11	ourselves	PRP
`` Soon as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves '' .	28	ourselves	NNS
When we assert the value of such study , we find ourselves committed to an important assumption .	11	ourselves	PRP
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , I am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest .	2	ourselves	NNS
Are we not late , especially those of us who call ourselves Friends , in doing enough about this lack of understanding ? ?	11	ourselves	PRP
To honor him is to honor ourselves .	6	ourselves	PRP
In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us .	18	ourselves	NNS
If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ?	3	ourselves	PRP
If our sincerity is granted , and it is granted , the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination .	30	ourselves	PRP
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .	15	ourselves	PRP
The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible , which deals with the Salem witch trials .	6	ourselves	PRP
We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read ; ;	3	ourselves	PRP
The problem is rather to find out what is actually happening , and this is especially difficult for the reason that `` we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present , sometimes by the very agencies -- our educational system , our mass media , our statesmen -- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves '' .	63	ourselves	NNS
We have consoled ourselves with the thought that this is a normal human reaction and is one of the consequences of any decision in an adversary proceeding .	3	ourselves	NNS
Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered .	4	ourselves	VB
But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well-established precedents , the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department .	43	ourselves	PRP
East Greenwich was one of the first Rhode Island towns to enter into contract agreement with the Rhode Island Development Council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves .	29	ourselves	PRP
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ?	12	ourselves	PRP
That is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ?	13	ourselves	PRP
Having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework , we now address ourselves to our final question : What place should brief , crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services ? ?	16	ourselves	NNS
While we , as American artists , believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity , we would be less than honest with you , or ourselves , if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole .	28	ourselves	PRP
Like yourselves , we have pride and love for our country .	1	yourselves	NNS
Sometime on Saturday evening , August 22nd , while my family and I were dining at the Hostaria dell' Orso , in Rome , you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , and let yourselves into the premises .	39	yourselves	PRP
you're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods , gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like Ubermenschen .	12	yourselves	NNS
`` It's up to you to protect yourselves .	7	yourselves	NNS
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless .	34	yourselves	NNS
and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift of God ; ;	4	yourselves	NNS
Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' .	40	yourselves	NNS
Above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude .	4	yourselves	NNS
Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may question whether this will help them to live better lives .	5	themselves	PRP
They are in themselves neutral , and , so far as they get a moral quality , they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker .	3	themselves	PRP
Plato is , at times , just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work .	12	themselves	PRP
They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` Don't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation .	3	themselves	PRP
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season .	10	themselves	PRP
Similarly , higher levels of GNP do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase .	10	themselves	PRP
Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience .	19	themselves	PRP
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .	21	themselves	PRP
He chose a medieval legend of incest , Gregorius Vom Stein , and freely borrowed and parodied other myths of the West , mixing themes , language , peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves , as in his previous treatment of Joseph .	42	themselves	PRP
He , and Mrs. Dalloway , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit .	11	themselves	PRP
At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously `` fate '' , or `` destiny '' , or `` providence '' , and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society .	29	themselves	PRP
For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to counterbalance Existentialism and restore some of its former lustre to the tarnished image of the species Man , or , as Malraux himself puts it , `` to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves '' .	49	themselves	PRP
A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger , bookseller , and wife , Joyce .	5	themselves	PRP
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .	38	themselves	PRP
They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty .	11	themselves	PRP
The Protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches .	2	themselves	PRP
The Tory leaders , he insinuates , are cynically using the Church as a political `` By-word '' to increase party friction and keep themselves in power .	24	themselves	PRP
But these Western countries do care about themselves .	7	themselves	PRP
How well do faculty members govern themselves ? ?	6	themselves	PRP
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year .	14	themselves	PRP
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy .	9	themselves	PRP
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day .	17	themselves	PRP
Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt .	14	themselves	PRP
These announcements are , in effect , advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts .	9	themselves	PRP
What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?	25	themselves	PRP
Both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves , because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art .	15	themselves	PRP
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children .	4	themselves	PRP
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school .	3	themselves	PRP
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who , in the words of Coach John Benington , `` had more confidence in themselves than I did '' .	32	themselves	PRP
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .	49	themselves	PRP
