This was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd .	34	ground
Over the weeks , America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation .	24	ground
With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication .	12	ground
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .	10	ground
Both are good , daring fielders : Mantle covers more ground ; ;	10	ground
There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future .	19	ground
The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground , sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter .	9	ground
he crept in an incertain manner , patting the ground before him .	9	ground
The Abbot of St. Eloi , Claude De Mommor , had been a good friend , but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in hallowed ground .	26	ground
in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground , then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear .	10	ground
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground .	14	ground
When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` What is that , Bill -- hello or farewell '' ? ?	9	ground
Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation .	14	ground
He bent down , a black cranelike figure , and put his mouth to the ground .	15	ground
In most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary deferment .	12	ground
Well , the grass was there , though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it .	12	ground
Both fell heavily to the ground .	5	ground
In many installations , the inertial platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight .	11	ground
There was a keening of wind , and a cracking of the frozen ground .	13	ground
Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground , while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilate's asking for Christ's body , Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes , and the others had gone home to mourn .	9	ground
Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel .	9	ground
Most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground .	12	ground
He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him .	10	ground
A cow rose from the ground rear end first .	5	ground
Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below .	7	ground
This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war , by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons .	8	ground
Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity .	4	ground
At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red-visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd .	47	ground
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ?	10	ground
They slid through the wicket in the big gate , ghosted across the dark ground .	14	ground
He had crossed the river which now , beyond the woods yonder , was sliding darkly under the mist .	4	river
In final separation from them , in the railroad terminal across the river from New York , I would nearly cry .	12	river
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent .	18	river
The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with Russian machine guns , attacked the position held by Chandler's men .	6	river
When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the Scots , Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river .	34	river
In fact , all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl , there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river .	25	river
The jetting , frothing surface of the river reached the level of the runoff .	7	river
The bridge itself rises up from the river , light-flared and enormous , like the outdoor set for an epic opera .	7	river
The road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees , and in the moonlight the silvery landscape was like a setting for trolls and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valley of his boyhood memories .	6	river
Finally , Magwitch's pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns .	23	river
Then Barton touched Carl Dill's arm and moved off , up the river bank .	12	river
The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters , extending from the Vermont hills , just across the river from the college , through Hanover to the College Grant -- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country .	23	river
Some are fishing , some driving the team , and many are sitting indolently on the banks of the river .	19	river
Below , people line the steps , as though on bleachers , to watch the sky and river .	17	river
From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river ; ;	12	river
They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it didn't close in before they returned .	9	river
Couldn't take them near a river , though , or they'd squawk like a turkey cock the day before Thanksgiving '' .	5	river
The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk .	31	river
Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds .	20	river
Lived alone by the river .	4	river
There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere .	7	river
Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided .	14	river
Two slits enabled observers to watch across the river .	8	river
Soon as the Burnsides moved on , he'd lead Rex down by the river ; ;	13	river
A river , wide as the Missouri , where it ran by his place .	1	river
Dams , river development schemes , transportation networks , educational systems require years to construct .	2	river
Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river .	16	river
Mynheer , Sir Francis , the valley society , the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks , and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road .	14	river
This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river .	16	river
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days .	39	river
they universalize in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people .	9	earth
Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' .	26	earth
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe .	1	earth
For ' God had not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth .	25	earth
And how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway ? ?	3	earth
The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays .	1	earth
Watson raced for him , his boots slamming the soft earth .	10	earth
A projectile shot up from earth returns rectlinearly to its ' natural ' place of rest .	5	earth
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth .	17	earth
Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist .	19	earth
One of the most interesting findings was the extreme sensitivity of plasma arylesterases to rare earth ions .	15	earth
The earth is spinning at an angular velocity **zq equal to one revolution per 24 hr. .	1	earth
Since the earth is rotating and the unleveled gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space , an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating ( with respect to the earth ) .	2	earth
Since the earth is rotating and the unleveled gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space , an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating ( with respect to the earth ) .	24	earth
Since the earth is rotating and the unleveled gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space , an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating ( with respect to the earth ) .	35	earth
From this earth , then , while it was still virgin God took dust and fashioned the man , the beginning of humanity '' .	2	earth
To return now to the four-element physics , a mixture of muddy , frothy water will , when standing in a jar , separate out with earth at the bottom , water on top , and the air on top of that .	26	earth
Earth , being at the center of the universe , would have the same shape as the latter ; ;	0	earth
Yes , I went to the city , And there I did bitterly cry , Men out of touch with the earth , And with never a glance at the sky .	21	earth
Then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls .	22	earth
We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled .	22	earth
Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies .	29	earth
Pressing his cigarette out in the earth , Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills .	6	earth
Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .	12	earth
The place smelled strongly of rank , fertile earth , rotting wood and urine .	8	earth
What on earth was in Mae's mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? ?	2	earth
Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come , behold the works of the Lord , what desolations He hath made in the earth .	8	earth
Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come , behold the works of the Lord , what desolations He hath made in the earth .	40	earth
He hoped they would put in somewhere way , way down in the earth .	13	earth
-- it evaporated , disappeared , and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert .	11	earth
The gravel was the bed of an ancient river , buckled in some prehistoric upheaval of earth .	16	earth
These remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth .	21	earth
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .	28	earth
Yes , I went to the city , And there I did bitterly cry , Men out of touch with the earth , And with never a glance at the sky .	30	sky
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky .	14	sky
Those three other great activities of the Persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches .	102	sky
Off in the distance a searchlight flashed on , its beam slashing the sky .	13	sky
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils .	16	sky
To the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck , hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 m.p.h. .	18	sky
Below , people line the steps , as though on bleachers , to watch the sky and river .	15	sky
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her .	34	sky
The ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam ( assuming that the brightness temperature of the sky is negligible ) was found , by graphical integration of the antenna directivity diagram , to be 0.85 .	35	sky
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .	32	sky
For that reason , he informed her , the Lord made the sky blue .	12	sky
His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot .	6	sky
He saw the Starbird as she lay , her slender mast up and gently turning , its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky .	25	sky
An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead .	2	sky
A sharp pain lanced across Nick's chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs , joining dozens of others that sailed lazily toward the surface like helium balloons rising into the sky .	34	sky
Yet long before the scheduled time for return , Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky .	18	sky
A horizon even and seamless , binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth .	12	sky
Just look at that sky .	4	sky
Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again .	15	sky
The spire seemed to hold up the sky .	7	sky
I shoot up through the roof , into the sky , past the clouds , through the stratosphere , out beyond the moon , out among the planets , until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long .	9	sky
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their exultation .	19	sky
During much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east .	16	sky
`` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green .	18	sky
Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation .	14	sky
They lay , with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky peeping down at them .	16	sky
The serene , majestic columns of the Parthenon , tawny in color against the pure deep blue sky , frame incredible vistas .	17	sky
against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis .	5	sky
After scouring around a bit in the open area , I came across what proved to be tar-soaked logs which crackled and burned brightly , giving off vast rolls of smoke into the ashen sky .	34	sky
When air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all .	9	sky
Indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects .	6	electron
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue .	34	electron
It should be noted , however , that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems .	16	electron
The electron optical system ( see fig. 14-1 ) is based in principle on the focusing action of concentric spherical cathode and anode surfaces .	1	electron
It should be noted that photoluminescence , due to `` Bremsstrahlung '' generated within the viewing screen by electron impact , appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 KV are utilized .	18	electron
Af is paramagnetic , and electron paramagnetic dipole as well as nuclear dipole effects lead to line broadening .	5	electron
The possibility of a space charge blowup of the screen crossover of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out .	14	electron
Transmission secondary electron multiplication image intensifiers ( TSEM tubes ) , ( E )	2	electron
The use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output .	13	electron
In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , spectroscopy , solid state physics , interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics .	20	electron
the magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei .	6	electron
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs .	4	electron
Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented .	7	electron
We found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination .	28	electron
The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional-modified models of the Af bond in Af .	5	electron
for example , gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or collimated , whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated .	17	electron
The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but Dr. Lyttleton is not so sure .	4	electron
The electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one .	1	electron
The approximate equation is Af , where N is the number of Af with electron line-density greater than or equal to Af , and Q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite .	14	electron
For the further discussion , we shall thus assume an electron optical resolution of 80 Af and phosphor screen resolution of 60 Af .	10	electron
Electron microscopic examination of the Af sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3M in diameter .	0	electron
Thus , in general , elementary light optical effects , light scatter , and electron scatter determine the obtainable resolution limit .	14	electron
The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen .	15	electron
For irradiation of food , the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and X-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable .	27	electron
Suppose , says Dr. Lyttleton , the proton has a slightly greater charge than the electron ( so slight it is presently immeasurable ) .	15	electron
Other scientific agencies , both Federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry ; ;	13	electron
Hence , the electron paramagnetic effects ( slope ) can be separated from the nuclear effects ( intercept ) .	3	electron
These tubes may differ both in the choice of the electron optical system and in the design of the coupling members .	10	electron
Irradiation using the nuclide source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator .	12	electron
`` It's none of my business '' , said the next note , `` but my Aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold , and she lived to be ninety-six .	27	water
`` I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water .	11	water
Mass spectrometric analysis of gases evolved upon heating to 410-degrees-C indicated nitrogen oxides and water vapor .	14	water
Finally , Magwitch's pursuit of Compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns .	52	water
Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts , needing their comfort more than they needed his .	12	water
A few newer homes have Western flush toilets , but even with running water , they are usually Eastern style .	13	water
The deep water is used by many people , but it is always clean , for the washing is done outside .	2	water
The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af .	9	water
From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river .	15	water
Actually , this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water .	14	water
One person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water ; ;	10	water
Over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water , and bridges were crumpled and gone .	10	water
Directly across from the Gardens I found a bus stop sign for T 4 and rode it down to the Bosphorus , with the sports center on my left just before I reached the water and the entrance to Dolmabahce Palace immediately after that .	34	water
If your pool is located on or near sloping ground , it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris .	36	water
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables .	2	water
He was deep in water , but at least they could not reach him there .	4	water
Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much .	9	water
Blowing can be either one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon .	17	water
The greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ;	6	water
They had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend hops in good weather , in and out of established airports , And the increasingly cold weather soon raised hob with the water cooled engines of their World War 1 , planes .	32	water
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions , and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen .	29	water
and then I was adding my own voice to the crescendo of sound , hurling more vile language than I ever thought I knew , sobbing and shouting , and aware that if I had passed water before , it was not enough , for my pants were soaking wet .	36	water
There is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water -- there was no milk -- which it lapped up as though it were nectar .	21	water
Shayne told the bartender , `` Bourbon and water '' , and Rourke told him , `` It's those two , all right .	8	water
Polls will be in the water office .	5	water
The metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water .	17	water
Then she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water .	18	water
The water was warm and stale and had a brackish taste .	1	water
You should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water .	15	water
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .	11	water
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .	33	water
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .	57	water
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .	76	water
On the other hand , Arnold's `` The unplumbed , salt , estranging sea '' , taken in its context , certainly does so .	13	sea
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea .	12	sea
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea .	15	sea
Not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened .	14	sea
For three days , their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea .	20	sea
The deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores , on land and sea , is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for collective security .	15	sea
New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain .	13	sea
Additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .	7	sea
During a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night .	7	sea
In contrast to this Stoic-patristic view , Utopia implies that the nature of man is such that to rely on individual conscience to supply the deficiencies of municipal law is to embark on the bottomless sea of human sinfulness in a sieve .	35	sea
Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed .	20	sea
stronger water pollution control programs , and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil .	18	sea
`` Goolick , goooolick '' , creaked a sea gull .	8	sea
Will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and nucleic acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction ? ?	43	sea
Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship .	9	sea
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead .	6	sea
Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific .	12	sea
The great `` sea to the westwards '' was a dead end .	3	sea
His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea .	8	sea
On ships at sea , on railroad trains , in summer hotels with mountain views , they always said , `` I've never done this before '' .	3	sea
One looked down on a sea of leaves , a breaking wave of flower .	5	sea
While a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour .	22	sea
With Martha's Vineyard on one side and the open sea on the other , it makes an excellent trip of about three hours .	9	sea
He couldn't skindive , he couldn't run a boat , except on the open sea .	14	sea
When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out .	2	sea
The cemetery slumbered just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea .	18	sea
After an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground .	22	sea
He is thought either to have been killed by the Fascists as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane .	25	sea
He was perhaps a trifle tipsy , having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted , and consequently out of practice ; ;	11	sea
On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan , fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells .	15	sea
Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man .	10	sea
He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill .	31	hill
I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their skulls .	12	hill
Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school .	15	hill
It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school .	14	hill
Back at the Kaiser's Fountain , I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the Column of Constantine , also known as the Burnt Column , at the top on my right .	17	hill
Then Mel Chandler started up the hill .	6	hill
On the way out Mr. Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night .	10	hill
With the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the flageolet with his lips , making it whisper .	13	hill
Since then , the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill .	13	hill
They lapsed into silence , and the freight wallowed up a hill , scooted down the other side , shaking and clanking to itself .	11	hill
He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins' , thinking that they might give him a drink .	12	hill
He jumped back , ducked and ran , crouching , down the hill away from the school .	12	hill
Passing it , the bus climbed a hill , with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli's , a famous and excellent restaurant , above it .	7	hill
Another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear .	12	hill
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there .	7	hill
The other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill .	16	hill
Then , when he had it pointed down the hill , he stopped to gaze at her through the window .	9	hill
However , it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus , and it's too hard on my legs .	9	hill
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended .	4	hill
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were .	8	hill
'' Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came down .	36	hill
Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery .	20	hill
Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery .	25	hill
The crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill .	10	hill
Another car was coming , a tiny , dark shape on a far hill .	13	hill
Chandler , looking to right and left to see how his men were faring , suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill , hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran .	22	hill
At the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park .	5	hill
His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran .	12	hill
Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill , with the village as her ostensible destination .	13	hill
Joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory bonfire to celebrate .	7	hill
The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire .	12	hill
Walking along the lake before breakfast , Mr. Podger had seen the feather , and the bird that had lost it in flight .	3	lake
Newest small-boat playground is the Salton Sea , a once-dry desert sinkhole which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and 235 feet below sea level .	17	lake
Pleasure boating is just scooting into its best months in California as crisp breezes bring out craft of every size on every kind of water -- ocean , lake and reservoir .	28	lake
It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees .	18	lake
But it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine , linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the asters by the lake .	30	lake
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss .	18	lake
Naturally , a park site with scenic views , a good lake , trees , and sand dunes , will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes .	11	lake
He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway , the route of Pizarro in Peru , but he had climbed to the original El Dorado , the Andean lake of Guatemala , and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo .	40	lake
It is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new , light , strong , easy-to-operate trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000 .	16	lake
There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard .	4	lake
This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports .	12	lake
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley .	9	valley
In the Sacramento valley in California , for instance , it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins .	3	valley
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left .	32	valley
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing .	3	valley
He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley .	14	valley
The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint .	8	valley
You know how the ranchers in the valley are .	7	valley
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .	1	valley
On Fridays , the day when many Persians relax with poetry , talk , and a samovar , people do not , it is true , stream into Chehel Sotun -- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas 2 , in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley , which are smaller , more humble copies of the former .	61	valley
Clayton is with him , takin him out of the valley .	10	valley
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid .	10	valley
then they turned to the right , climbed the embankment , and walked into the valley again .	15	valley
On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered .	12	valley
They poured through the opening in the valley , then spread out in a long line to come at us , brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry .	7	valley
Jones relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via Beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army , while Jones and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden .	22	valley
The wan light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first glimmer the contours of trees and fences and palely shadowed gullies .	9	valley
And the valley stretched endlessly out ahead , scorched and baked and writhing in its heat , until it vanished into the throbbing wall of fiery orange brown haze .	2	valley
His mind closed on that prospect , as though fog had descended to blot out a valley .	16	valley
Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons .	20	valley
Between the ponderous hulk and himself , in the valley over which Papa-san reigned , men had hidden high explosives , booby traps , and mines .	9	valley
they rode at a measured pace through the valley .	8	valley
Like a man making a deep dive , Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley .	17	valley
The raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion .	2	valley
Stay in close and we'll go up the valley '' .	8	valley
`` How do the valley people feel '' ? ?	4	valley
The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty-degree turn .	1	valley
First he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being rustled at the far end of the valley .	26	valley
Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones .	9	valley
The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley .	17	valley
I did it for the valley .	5	valley
The pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre .	1	pond
Now as you step inside , instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets , you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it .	33	pond
After a supper of unagi ( rice with eel -- eel which is raised in an ice-cold pond at the foot of Mt. Fuji ) , I returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day .	17	pond
A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden .	1	pond
You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft , sail , power , or both , or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond .	31	pond
Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it .	29	pond
Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .	8	pond
The daily sewage volume to the oxidation pond averaged 147,000 gpd , giving a retention period of 42 days .	7	pond
The anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .	7	pond
It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond .	16	pond
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer .	3	pond
The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume .	30	pond
Pond water can be filtered for human use , but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble .	0	pond
It seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system .	12	pond
The oxidation pond has a surface area of 4.77 acres and a depth of 4 Aj .	2	pond
It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .	9	pond
The location of the oxidation pond in a high-value residential area makes odor nuisances a sensitive problem for the developer .	5	pond
Another dilemma : As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool .	8	pond
The organic loading on the pond was slightly under 60 lb. BOD / day / acre .	5	pond
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors .	7	pond
During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted .	9	pond
For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1 .	6	pond
Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer .	18	pond
There was a sniper's nest in a mountain cave , and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy .	8	cave
They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons .	26	cave
A wave of flame rippling through their cave had reached Nagamo , his friend , and with a shriek the man bolted through the entrance , then slowed to the jerky walk of a puppet , his uniform blazing .	7	cave
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach .	1	cave
The cave in his stomach hurt .	1	cave
The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays .	11	cave
The patrol snaked around in back of the cave , approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild howls .	8	cave
He said , and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Day's swamp .	12	cave
The primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings , akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known .	15	cave
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience .	19	sand
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail .	9	sand
It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part slaked lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers .	43	sand
In trying to hit it out with a sand wedge Palmer bounced the ball over the green , past spectators and down the slope toward a TV tower .	8	sand
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced .	2	sand
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living .	5	sand
During the return trip , Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases , such as : `` They're under sand dunes They're better off , I tell you I saved their souls '' .	20	sand
Unimpressed , the dog plopped on the sand .	7	sand
To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; ;	18	sand
He directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica .	8	sand
Stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location .	25	sand
They rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand .	11	sand
For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting .	11	sand
The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime .	5	sand
They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand .	51	sand
Bullets were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire .	6	sand
Thirty minutes later , the outrigger grated on sand and other girls , waiting on shore , rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder .	8	sand
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .	23	sand
The man uttered a weird cry , spun about , and collapsed in the sand .	14	sand
The sand is fine and pleasant , the cabanas are clean , and the parasols , green , raspberry , and butter yellow , are very gay .	1	sand
In the ditch sand was white and soft-looking , only an occasional pebble discernible , faintly gleaming .	3	sand
Nothing but sand and a ridge of rocks sloping jaggedly to the water's edge .	2	sand
On the shores north and south , the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island .	26	sand
Naturally , a park site with scenic views , a good lake , trees , and sand dunes , will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes .	16	sand
Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .	9	sand
they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them .	4	sand
The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms ? ?	18	sand
water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day , the pots scoured with river sand after each meal .	16	sand
Operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state .	8	shore
Running across the deck , which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and eaten , they sniffed the spice-laden breezes that came from the shore , each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other .	27	shore
And they also had the lights of the city , the port wall lanterns , and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on .	17	shore
Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore .	22	shore
On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited .	1	shore
Shore facilities are enormous -- Los Angeles harbors 5,000 boats , and Long Beach 3,000 -- but marinas are crowded everywhere .	0	shore
between the north shore of Deer Island and the Salisbury side there was an arch of 113 feet and a series of piers with a draw forty feet long .	3	shore
She cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore .	30	shore
The few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and Wade-Evans , have all been Celtic survivalists .	8	shore
`` It consists of two divisions , separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore .	18	shore
There being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; ;	12	shore
This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives .	12	shore
Between the abutments on the Newbury shore and the south bank of Deer Island there was one span or arch measuring 160 feet ; ;	6	shore
Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position .	22	shore
The primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early English studies in this century .	9	shore
The division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an arch ; ;	7	shore
Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights .	11	shore
Thirty minutes later , the outrigger grated on sand and other girls , waiting on shore , rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder .	15	shore
Submarines and shore installations are new elements .	2	shore
On March 21 , 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation .	37	shore
Again omitting recent developments , E.T. Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged : `` So far as archaeology is concerned , there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' .	32	shore
It is no longer possible to say that a sceptical attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a `` shore occupied by '' interpretation .	23	shore
A network of sampling stations had been set up on shore .	10	shore
Just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them .	5	shore
approaching shore their masts appeared first .	1	shore
The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England .	5	shore
In the face of a clear judgment from archaeology , therefore , it became impossible for a time for scholars to re-adopt the `` shore settled by '' theory .	24	shore
My people await you on the shore .	6	shore
Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty .	29	shore
It has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach .	11	shore
About 1888 J. E. McNaughton of Barnumville and E. G. Bacon became proprietors of the `` Green Mountain Telegraph Company '' , connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru , Londonderry , South Londonderry , Lowell Lake , Windham , North Windham , Grafton , Cambridgeport , Saxton's River , and Bellows Falls .	34	mountain
When driving rain or mist socked in one valley , Fogg would chandelle up and over to reverse course and try another one , ranging from the Ottauquechee up to Danville in search of safe passage through the mountain passes .	38	mountain
Both loved the out-of-doors , including mountain climbing and horseback riding .	6	mountain
Of course , while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount Rushmore National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington , Lincoln , Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt .	25	mountain
He stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain .	16	mountain
a man mountain running to lard in his middle-age .	2	mountain
She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the glen she sought , and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her unenunciated , undefined struggle with the mountain and its darkling inhabitants .	33	mountain
This mountain was known as The Black Reef and it rose almost perpendicularly for about two hundred feet , honeycombed with caves , top covered with dense scrub and creepers and tall grass .	1	mountain
`` We'll double teams zigzagging up the mountain , Harmony '' , he spoke reassuringly , concerned by the pinched look around her mouth .	7	mountain
the 1 , Heng-Shan in Hopei , North China ( or the mountain with the same name in neighboring Shansi ) ; ;	12	mountain
On ships at sea , on railroad trains , in summer hotels with mountain views , they always said , `` I've never done this before '' .	13	mountain
There was a sniper's nest in a mountain cave , and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy .	7	mountain
He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban , and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain .	27	mountain
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest .	14	mountain
That mistake , she thought , had cost her dearly these past few days , and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her .	29	mountain
But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond .	24	mountain
Zion was surprised when Roy's buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town .	41	mountain
Does the mountain listen ? ?	2	mountain
`` Ceilings '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions .	9	mountain
Time stands still as you climb the narrow , stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns , perched atop lofty crags , their faces turned to the sea .	17	mountain
Situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country , the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands .	9	mountain
There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed , unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom .	7	mountain
She would return this symbol to the mountain , as one pours seed back into the soil every Spring or as ancient fertility cults demand annual human sacrifice .	7	mountain
She had the feeling that , under the mouldering leaves , there would be the bodies of dead animals , quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain .	29	mountain
Breakfast was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz .	12	mountain
Forty miles farther north is Mount Moosilauke , Dartmouth's own mountain .	10	mountain
Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface .	9	cloud
Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud .	9	cloud
A rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first , ninth , and fifteenth floors of a Government office building .	12	cloud
`` Ceilings '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions .	12	cloud
The U.N. session scheduled for today will meet under the cloud of his passing .	10	cloud
Behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke .	6	cloud
Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam , geysers of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke .	22	cloud
If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city , it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city .	24	cloud
During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye .	12	cloud
They were chasing a rain cloud .	5	cloud
Had he decided , perhaps , that the center of the cloud was a center of government , instead of a center of life and faith '' ? ?	11	cloud
A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns .	2	cloud
A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns .	20	cloud
The sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud , then reflected to the earth in a softer , diffused radiance .	7	cloud
Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since .	6	cloud
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury .	4	cloud
In my recollection , there was a long interval between the death of the officer and the appearance of the first of the retreating redcoats , and in that interval the dust cloud over the road seems to hover indefinitely .	32	cloud
At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable .	14	cloud
`` A body would swear I floated right up here on a cloud '' ! !	12	cloud
For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud , poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons .	13	cloud
An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area .	16	cloud
It hung over them like a cloud , its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun .	6	cloud
It hung over them like a cloud , its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun .	14	cloud
They were repelled by his noisy newspapers , his personal publicity , his presumptuous campaign for the Presidential nomination , and by the swelling cloud of rumor about his moral lapses .	24	cloud
And now the redcoats were coming , and the gunfire was a part of the dust cloud on the road to the west of us .	16	cloud
Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget .	6	stone
The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall , and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation .	24	stone
Delphine stood like stone , her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse .	3	stone
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their exultation .	11	stone
It was silent in the stone alley .	5	stone
Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by .	7	stone
It was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these caravans , and also to make a pleasance for the city , that Shah Abbas 2 , in about 1657 built , of sun-baked brick , tile , and stone , the present bridge .	40	stone
In spite of her attempt to preserve her balance , she fell , bruising her arm on a naked stone .	19	stone
Here , on the hottest day , it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the sluices at the bottom of the vaults .	12	stone
I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head , bouncing like a rubber ball .	7	stone
The majestic circular tiers of stone of the Theatre of Marcellus give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B.C. .	5	stone
How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ?	11	stone
She was also stone deaf in her right ear .	3	stone
They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear .	11	stone
Time stands still as you climb the narrow , stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns , perched atop lofty crags , their faces turned to the sea .	9	stone
Now as you step inside , instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets , you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it .	38	stone
Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in .	12	stone
She closed her eyes , remembering the small French cemetery , enclosed by stone walls .	13	stone
A voice called , and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant , only some of them glancing toward the stone wall , from behind which the voice came .	31	stone
The letter , scraped on stone , had been a message home .	5	stone
Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental pagoda , with Arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the Fountain of Sultan Ahmet .	11	stone
At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance .	14	stone
He didn't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly .	11	stone
Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse .	9	stone
Behind him lay the Low Countries , where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as `` a malediction of little tabernacles , one on top of the other , with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ;	66	stone
He was not stone .	3	stone
The open ceiling , with allegorical and classical figures thrown in masses against the sky : the closed frieze , formally divided into historical scenes and tightly tied to the stone walls , belong in their large ordering to the line of Correggio and his Baroque followers .	30	stone
How did one attach anything to a stone wall , for that matter ? ?	7	stone
`` The white colonnaded , cedar-roofed Southern mansion is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of grey-skied England to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue South , the Palladian orbit stretching out from Vicenza : the old mind of Andrea Palladio still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch , the deep friezes of his architectonic music rise firm above the shallower freeze in the kitchen , his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint julep , his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips '' .	16	stone
From the curio cabinet on its south wall and the bureaus beneath , you abstracted seventeen ivory , metal , wood , and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin , two snuffboxes , and a jade-handled magnifying glass .	23	stone
With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so .	12	beach
At two that morning , he was still walking -- up and down Peony , up and down the veranda , up and down the silent , moonlit beach .	28	beach
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint , a head taller , and could lick any boy or girl on the beach .	21	beach
The state Public Works Department is accused of having spent $8,555 to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property .	15	beach
His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here .	9	beach
It looks more like they are going to play at the beach instead of taking lessons on bettering themselves .	11	beach
My man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and Tan Motel .	11	beach
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home .	8	beach
On the beach , there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls .	2	beach
The nation's number one picnic treat is the skinless frankfurter -- toasted over a bonfire on the beach or , more sedately , charcoal broiled on a portable grill .	17	beach
When a second quake came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides .	11	beach
The restaurant to which the Sakellariadises took us on this night of controversy was the Asteria , on Asteria beach .	19	beach
Near Galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night .	10	beach
A good deal of English was spoken on the beach , most educated Greeks learn it in childhood , and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen .	9	beach
This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use .	1	beach
Gulf Springs was ten miles inland -- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made garish by tourist attractions .	18	beach
He spent that afternoon on the beach , looking for a pale , browny-haired girl in a pink bathing suit .	6	beach
However , Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house .	25	beach
I haven't seen her on the beach '' .	6	beach
A couple couldn't even find a secluded spot anywhere on a beach to neck nowadays without someone swooping down upon them .	11	beach
At Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach .	16	beach
For eleven days they'd done the same thing , leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast , before Esperanza Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and show-offy lifeguards .	24	beach
An area on the coast may have relaxing views of the surf rolling in on a beach .	16	beach
A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide .	11	beach
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach .	58	beach
The waves breakin in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight .	15	beach
`` Let's talk about the beach .	5	beach
This is a public bathing beach , easily accessible by tramway from the center of Athens .	5	beach
Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .	31	beach
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments .	11	beach
At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock .	24	rock
A 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him , police said .	25	rock
`` This is my rock '' .	4	rock
It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees .	21	rock
She jumped out onto the flat expanse of rock and , seating herself , shook her short-cut brown hair and tilted her chin far upward .	8	rock
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers .	1	rock
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers .	17	rock
But now she sank lower to the rock .	7	rock
In this manner , every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws .	16	rock
And shivering with shame , he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water .	13	rock
`` Too many of our writers seem to be interested only in creatures that crawl out of the woodwork or from under the rock '' .	23	rock
The younger Thomas ripped a screen door , breaking the latch , and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock , scratching his face .	21	rock
With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock , a misstep .	17	rock
I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant .	8	rock
She was holding on to his rock with one hand .	6	rock
An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` Yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !	20	rock
He heard the words : `` Rock of Ages , cleft for me , Let me hide myself in Thee ! !	6	rock
Notice should be taken of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth's crust in your region .	6	rock
He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house .	10	rock
His handwriting was on a rock .	5	rock
It is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim moored to the rock of experience and left to the buffetings of chance .	18	rock
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ?	6	rock
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ?	37	rock
Next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around .	20	rock
The man was leaning against the rock .	6	rock
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes , and has come to these conclusions : the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet , the reticulate python 33 , the African rock python 25 , the amethystine python at least 22 , the Indian python 20 , and the boa constrictor 18-1/2 .	37	rock
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface .	9	rock
They'll move around that rock all day , following the shade .	4	rock
`` Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? ?	14	rock
A million tons of rock and soil and brush .	4	rock
For one thing , there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed ; ;	10	rock
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what Ulyate saw : Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .	85	rock
We gently usher them to an island of tables and chairs strategically placed on the far side of the pool where they can amuse each other until we get ready to merge sides .	6	island
On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound .	6	island
Here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the Hawaiian-Americans who were busy resettling North America and the western half of South America after the Apocalyptic War .	10	island
On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case .	12	island
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ?	10	island
All my rosy visions of rest and even pleasure on this island vanished at the sight .	11	island
A dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4 , 1793 , in a tavern erected by the corporation on the island .	27	island
`` It consists of two divisions , separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore .	10	island
`` Whereas , a Bridge over Merrimack River , from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf , Esquire , in Newbery , to Deer Island , and from said Island to Salisbury , would be of very extensive utility , by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages , Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year , and at all Times of Tide .	29	island
He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district .	16	island
He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south-central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 .	12	island
Next to the Blackwells , Titus had owned the island most , and she and Adelia had often stood in front of him , silenced by his terrible years -- a scanty man with a thin beard and very deep-set blue eyes like a mariner , more aged than possible .	9	island
Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive , I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women .	8	island
Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound .	25	island
From L'Turu , I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations .	13	island
A tale of a massive reservation in the Uplands to hold several million Jews A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of Madagascar Stories of the depravity of the guards at Globocnik's camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names .	25	island
The Ainus were a primitive people , already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia .	11	island
hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province .	29	island
Moreover , he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands , among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies .	33	island
It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ;	29	island
The division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an arch ; ;	4	island
But in the middle of the last century an island woman named `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled .	9	island
One female , collected on an island off the coast of Nicaragua , was gravid and measured 4 feet 8 inches from snout to vent ( her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long ) .	6	island
She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka .	22	island
So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island , the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century .	8	island
His files , desk , drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos .	15	island
On the U.S.'s island base of Okinawa , Task Force 116 , made up of Army , Navy , Marine and Air Force units , got braced to move southward on signal .	3	island
Active warfare is raging between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on Theodore Roosevelt Island in the Potomac , and TR.'s own living children , who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary .	34	island
The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in 1883 ; ;	12	island
The Momoyama family had come from Miyagi Prefecture , in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu , where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain .	16	island
The pilot plant was a circular lagoon 81 ft in diam at the surface and 65 ft in diam at the bottom , 4 ft below the surface , with a volume of 121,000 Aj .	6	lagoon
They indicated that a 4-day retention , aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction .	8	lagoon
It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond .	6	lagoon
The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage .	8	lagoon
The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage .	17	lagoon
It seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system .	5	lagoon
He snuck up on the ham like Maggie , gumming it with soft , stumpy teeth , then panting with thirst , lapping up the water in the lagoon , swelling up like a balloon , staggering home to be sick , while his mother said , `` That does it .	28	lagoon
The pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area .	2	lagoon
It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .	10	lagoon
The pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from 314 persons with a 4-day aeration period .	2	lagoon
Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft .	36	lagoon
The retention period in the aerated lagoon ranged from 9.8 to 2.6 days , averaging 6.4 days .	6	lagoon
I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant .	15	hole
Arnold Palmer , the defending champion , lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief .	13	hole
We tumbled to a stop in Deacon Gordon's cow hole , a low-lying bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle .	9	hole
the car's far windshield panel turned into a silver web with a dark hole in the center .	13	hole
When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the 72nd hole , he seemed to have the championship won .	13	hole
Cut the piece about 9/32'' '' or 5/16'' '' long and drive it into the No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar .	17	hole
They started on the 4th hole , a 220-yard par-3 .	5	hole
She was trying to make a hole in my armor , and I didn't want it .	6	hole
On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole , Arnold whipped into his second shot .	7	hole
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , wedged between the rocks and the waves .	4	hole
He could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer , by then playing the 15th hole , was leading him by a stroke .	15	hole
Drill a No. 50 hole 1-1/4'' '' from one end and tap 2-56 .	4	hole
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .	7	hole
When a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth , mark the depth on the side of the stock , then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark .	2	hole
In this case , drilling a small pilot hole or clamping the work will do much to improve accuracy .	8	hole
He gave it a strong push , heard it slide , then tumble dryly into the hole .	16	hole
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey .	7	hole
Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a woodpecker ; ;	21	hole
His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par .	5	hole
In soft woods with pronounced grain , there is sometimes a tendency for the hole to wander , due to the varying hardness of the wood .	14	hole
Jackie Brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally .	6	hole
A bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head , tearing a hole two-inches square on the outgoing side .	22	hole
After having mated , an Andrena female digs a hole straight down into the ground , forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil .	9	hole
Afterwards , Palmer told Charlie Coe , his last-round partner , that he simply played the hole too fast .	16	hole
It had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar .	4	hole
A couple of weeks ago , he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole .	14	hole
Where Cuddleback Brook purled into the Neversink was a magnificent swimming hole .	11	hole
She had dug a hole for each bulb , each tree wore a tag with her writing on it ; ;	4	hole
When the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot , he overshot the hole by 15 feet .	14	hole
Cut hole in base for cork stopper .	1	hole
The sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder .	20	boulder
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there .	23	boulder
We drove close to the boulder , stopped the Land Rover , and walked over toward the family .	5	boulder
The rancher went a mile down this road and then , when he reached a big red boulder , swung off the road .	17	boulder
They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man , his lubra , and two children .	7	boulder
Thirty minutes later , the outrigger grated on sand and other girls , waiting on shore , rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder .	36	boulder
Greer Garson , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession .	4	star
He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star , this never would be said of him '' .	15	star
Many years later , the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration .	17	star
Certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon .	6	star
A news item described the launching of a ship : `` Completing the ceremony , the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea '' .	18	star
Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself , for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver , and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star , Jack Spikes , though he did the team's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury .	40	star
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere .	11	star
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College , where he is a B student and star halfback .	17	star
Now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch , too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star .	26	star
Rudy Vallee , who shares star billing with Mr. Morse , makes only two appearances .	5	star
The stage had been empty , except for Harry Hawk , doing his star monologue .	13	star
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project .	12	star
Upon reaching the desired speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end .	26	star
There are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star release , Pass In Review ( SP-44001 ) .	18	star
They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history .	8	star
Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : `` The area in which Miss N -- was injured is spectacularly scenic '' .	13	star
I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky , or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils .	13	rainbow
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold .	1	rainbow
Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds .	8	grounds
She hesitated , she hopped , she rolled and rocked , skipped and jumped , but in some two weeks she started to pace , From that time to this she has shown steady improvement and now looks like one of the classiest things on the grounds .	46	grounds
The Narragansett Race Track grounds is one assembly point , he said , and a drive-in theater in Seekonk would be another .	4	grounds
But one cannot escape the suspicion that all this non-stop harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated `` anti-party '' group would be totally unnecessary if there were not , inside the party , some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds , on the actual methods to be employed in the `` transition to communism '' and , last but not least , on foreign policy .	45	grounds
In its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community .	13	grounds
Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant .	36	grounds
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests , but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published .	24	grounds
Passing through the gate , with towers on either side once used as prisons , I entered a huge square surrounded by buildings , and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds , with explanations in English for each building .	37	grounds
Holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds .	16	grounds
The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously .	23	grounds
The Faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds .	7	grounds
`` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based .	59	grounds
The exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars .	10	grounds
So escalation proceeds , ad infinitum or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds .	26	grounds
Insomnia would ground him from the Exploration Service , on physiological if not psychological grounds .	14	grounds
To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .	11	grounds
Position ( 2 ) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds .	24	grounds
Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds .	10	grounds
if it smells of cork , one has grounds for suspicion .	8	grounds
There is nonetheless considerable argument against the clause , softened though it be , on the grounds that Federal aid is so necessary to the public schools .	16	grounds
However , the Attorney General of California , at the request of the Secretary of Labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court , on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged .	33	grounds
It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination .	10	grounds
Whereas Bultmann's `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by Karl Barth , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered .	15	grounds
Whereas Bultmann's `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by Karl Barth , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered .	55	grounds
The French were now occupying Gascony and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract .	11	grounds
It could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations .	9	grounds
The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds therefor , and if approved , shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved .	19	grounds
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds .	23	grounds
but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at all , took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad .	7	grounds
Maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds .	13	grounds
Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone , claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency .	24	grounds
The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident , expectedly , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's coastline .	26	rivers
And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war .	17	rivers
Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him .	0	rivers
On the Ohio or Wabash was to be built another post `` at the fork of two great rivers '' .	18	rivers
Sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers , but power cruisers can move freely , poking into the San Jacinto , Trinity and Brazos rivers ( fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria .	25	rivers
Having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers .	21	rivers
the 2 , the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest ; ;	8	rivers
Instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine Provinces , as was usually done , this equated the odd , Yang numbers with mountains ( firm and resistant , hence Yang ) and the even numbers with rivers ( sinuous and yielding , hence Yin ) ; ;	42	rivers
For the rivers , the 4 represented the Huai , to the ( then ) Southeast ; ;	2	rivers
Their territory lay to the north , near the sources of the Alabama , the Tombigbee , the Tennessee , and Cumberland rivers , and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees .	22	rivers
There true yachtsmen often find November winds steadier , the waters cooler , the fish hungrier , and rivers more pleasant -- less turbulence and mud , and fewer floating logs .	18	rivers
They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region , from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf .	21	rivers
The Alabama and Tombigbee rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply .	4	rivers
Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate .	47	rivers
This did not happen in counties of North Georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land .	12	rivers
The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath .	1	skies
Anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday , park rangers said , and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze .	31	skies
they universalize in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people .	7	skies
In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies .	13	skies
Jack scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again .	3	skies
Jack scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again .	10	skies
Attendance continued to run ahead of last year's during the five-day show , with clear skies helping attract fairgoers .	15	skies
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid .	2	skies
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach .	27	skies
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone .	16	electrons
Af appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong Af bond provides structural interest .	23	electrons
Dr. Lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of protons and electrons .	22	electrons
Af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of Af , where Af .	9	electrons
Heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode .	12	electrons
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter .	2	electrons
Since these electrons are moving like planets , you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom .	2	electrons
A suggestion from Louis De Broglie , a physicist in France , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves .	16	electrons
For we believed that the electrons obeyed the law of mechanics and electrodynamics ; ;	5	electrons
It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits ; ;	16	electrons
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 .	4	electrons
For it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill .	13	seas
Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long-sought waterway .	12	seas
States were free to enact , within broad , though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas .	49	seas
Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited .	23	seas
Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas .	46	seas
Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas ; ;	6	seas
Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas ; ;	29	seas
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas .	48	seas
The Queen Mary has long been a symbol of speed , luxury , and impeccable British service on the high seas .	20	seas
In her mind's eye -- her imagination responding fully , almost exhaustingly , to these shores' peculiar powers of stimulation -- she saw the city as from above , telescoped on its great bare plains that the ruins marked , aqueducts and tombs , here a cypress , there a pine , and all around the low blue hills .	58	hills
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate , dry hills that rimmed the valley .	14	hills
Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills .	18	hills
Built upon seven hills , Istanbul , like Rome , is one of the most ancient cities in the world , filled with splendor and contrast .	3	hills
Gray Eyes attacked our camp just as the first pink threads stitched together the hills and the sky .	14	hills
Pressing his cigarette out in the earth , Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills .	17	hills
Each time in , the unhappy pilot , pushing his luck , begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place , preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River .	30	hills
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .	21	hills
And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war .	12	hills
To the west , the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes .	7	hills
Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of Judea .	19	hills
There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base , and visit an old shipmate .	21	hills
Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach .	14	hills
The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas , horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell .	9	hills
They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills .	11	hills
It is softened by the saltbush and the bluebush , has a peaceful quality , the hills roll softly .	16	hills
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments .	8	hills
Twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the Haskell claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley .	16	hills
The weird , insane sound of the Rebel yell reverberated again and echoed from the distant hills .	16	hills
Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills .	31	hills
Sixty miles north of New York City where the wooded hills of Dutchess County meet the broad sweep of the Hudson River there is a new home development called `` Oakwood Heights '' .	10	hills
In June , 1940 , Sergeant Helion , with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle , was sketching the hills south of the Loire River , when the war suddenly rolled in upon him .	23	hills
The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters , extending from the Vermont hills , just across the river from the college , through Hanover to the College Grant -- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country .	18	hills
Stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location .	26	hills
After the storm , the sky cleared blue and cool , and fragrant air swept the hills .	16	hills
Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak , especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St. Lawrence River .	13	hills
This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use .	7	hills
When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out , she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful .	23	hills
Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills .	27	hills
He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century , down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart .	20	hills
In 1959 , according to the Engineers , Lake Texoma was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons .	16	lakes
Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks , planting streamside cover , and constructing channel improvements .	10	lakes
Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states .	9	lakes
Minnesota , fabled land of waters , is in itself , ideal vacationland , having within its borders 10,000 lakes ! !	19	lakes
The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident , expectedly , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's coastline .	24	lakes
Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values .	87	lakes
For a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls , and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long , meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga , then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam , past the Khasi Hills , and into Bengal , past Sirinjani and Madaripur , until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the Bay of Bengal .	62	valleys
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved .	2	valleys
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks , gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn .	19	valleys
Having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers .	15	valleys
For it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill .	40	valleys
In the Midwest , oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas .	5	ponds
It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development .	16	ponds
Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb .	7	ponds
It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .	23	ponds
Since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds .	7	ponds
Since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds .	36	ponds
The large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer .	7	ponds
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera .	16	caves
This mountain was known as The Black Reef and it rose almost perpendicularly for about two hundred feet , honeycombed with caves , top covered with dense scrub and creepers and tall grass .	21	caves
In the caves , with other supplies , they had kept cases of sake .	2	caves
They had fought from caves , and the marines resorted to burning them out .	4	caves
There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base , and visit an old shipmate .	14	caves
When erosion threatened the foundation of their home in Harbert , Paula Sandburg planted grapevines and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away .	24	sands
Libyan Desert silica-glass , another natural glass , is composed of nearly pure silica and has the same trace germanium content as sands in the area .	22	sands
Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a long-distance plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations .	21	sands
And until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing .	23	sands
He could imagine her at this minute , honeymooning in Nassau with what's-his-name , lounging on golden sands , looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss .	17	sands
Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington .	5	sands
This glass is probably formed from Libyan Desert sands by comet or stony-meteorite impact .	8	sands
they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come .	5	shores
The focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern districts of the Greek mainland , and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean , always excepting its northern shores , had accepted the Geometric style of pottery .	30	shores
The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis , who were friends and patients of Norton , to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean .	29	shores
And on northern shores indomitable sailors from Long Island to Lake Michigan will beat around the buoys in dozens of frostbite races .	3	shores
The giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones .	8	shores
The morning hawk , hungry for any eatable , killable , digestible item , kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay , sheltered by the Jersey inlets .	27	shores
His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when Sibylla's domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors .	9	shores
On the shores north and south , the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island .	2	shores
The deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores , on land and sea , is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for collective security .	10	shores
it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources .	35	mountains
It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees .	10	mountains
God was everywhere , in the belfry , in the steeple , in the clouds , in the trees , and in the mountains hulking on the horizon .	23	mountains
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .	66	mountains
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains , and the jungles .	7	mountains
Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station .	19	mountains
A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide .	15	mountains
A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains , followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky .	13	mountains
The rolling farms of Maryland , the peerless metropolis of New York City , the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation .	16	mountains
The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital .	27	mountains
Buffeted by swirling winds , the little green biplane struggled northward between the mountains beyond Northfield Gulf .	13	mountains
Dangling his gaudy trinkets before them , he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains , at Cheat and Rich mountains both , and the Federal march on Beverly .	15	mountains
Dangling his gaudy trinkets before them , he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains , at Cheat and Rich mountains both , and the Federal march on Beverly .	21	mountains
In November 1900 surveying was done under John Marsden on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant .	12	mountains
Rumors flew from lip to lip that Fidel Castro was on his way to Havana , coming from the mountains where he had fought Batista for five years .	19	mountains
Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains .	59	mountains
Though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle .	6	mountains
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left .	3	mountains
Service running through Barnumville and to Bennington County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the `` Gleason Telephone Company '' in 1925 , but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , which eventually gained all control .	12	mountains
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains ; ;	6	mountains
After a year in a studio on Sheridan Square , having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia , Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains , where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases .	31	mountains
Down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing vista like a visual echo of piers and arches , while the vaults fronting upstream and down frame the sunset and sunrise , the mountains and river pools .	36	mountains
Jones relented , he did not order his men to apply the torch -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via Beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army , while Jones and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden .	30	mountains
Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come , behold the works of the Lord , what desolations He hath made in the earth .	15	mountains
Still painting , still a kind of modern impressionist , beautiful canvases of mountains and farms .	13	mountains
Instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine Provinces , as was usually done , this equated the odd , Yang numbers with mountains ( firm and resistant , hence Yang ) and the even numbers with rivers ( sinuous and yielding , hence Yin ) ; ;	28	mountains
We want to know the number of people going to the mountains .	11	mountains
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .	15	mountains
Once we get over the mountains others will come along .	5	mountains
`` P. J. '' -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities .	20	mountains
On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains , the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail .	7	mountains
We collected `` lucky stones '' -- all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway .	4	stones
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss .	14	stones
but they are important foundation stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind .	5	stones
Flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead .	2	stones
There were two rubbing sticks for making fire , two stones shaped roughly like knives , a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent .	10	stones
it was mud in wet weather and dust , ankle-deep , in dry , and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones .	26	stones
The sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches .	18	stones
He beat the air with his stick , and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones .	18	stones
A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men-folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' .	28	stones
But the fences were still in place fifty-odd years ago , and when we stood on the gate to look over , the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides .	35	stones
An old shipwreck , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest .	21	stones
Being with him was like being swept away by a torrent of falling stones .	13	stones
The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers , drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore .	17	beaches
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and Parrot Jungle .	12	beaches
they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names .	12	beaches
Japan , she said , smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ;	15	beaches
a `` splash party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches , when Letch and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ;	23	beaches
On some of the islands' beaches the waves came in gently ; ;	5	beaches
Reefs are left high and dry , and the beaches are covered with stranded fish .	9	beaches
He campaigned successfully for the riddance of `` Death Avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage .	21	beaches
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .	21	beaches
Rich in Christian and Moslem art , Istanbul is today a fascinating museum of East and West that recently became a seaside resort as well with the development of new beaches on the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara only a short distance from the center of town .	30	beaches
Somehow , the pictures and stories of Soviet T-34 tanks on Cuban beaches and Russian Mig jet fighters strafing rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark , blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home .	12	beaches
New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint townships .	21	beaches
Nearly level areas are required for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , ballfields , etcetera .	9	beaches
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches .	10	beaches
If we go all gooey over this newest Castro ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads .	18	rocks
But she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away .	5	rocks
) Rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victim's head as a sort of trademark .	8	rocks
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago .	6	rocks
No matter how many registry rocks they came to on this journey , each one exerted its own appeal .	5	rocks
( 1 ) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do .	38	rocks
Already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks , leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains .	16	rocks
Mynheer , Sir Francis , the valley society , the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks , and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road .	27	rocks
I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks .	34	rocks
Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction .	5	rocks
Japan , she said , smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ;	22	rocks
It was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea .	6	rocks
Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party .	15	rocks
The plants along Route 128 are mostly well designed and nicely set against the New England rocks and trees .	16	rocks
At this moment , Loveless and Means arrived , crashing through the undergrowth with their horses , and distracted her , and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a crevice between two rocks .	35	rocks
Demons , fairies , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars .	27	rocks
Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate .	32	rocks
This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist .	11	rocks
A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the rifleman's hiding place .	13	rocks
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , wedged between the rocks and the waves .	38	rocks
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break .	8	rocks
Nothing but sand and a ridge of rocks sloping jaggedly to the water's edge .	7	rocks
Indeed , you wouldn't live long , for the females either drive the men they've seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes , or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods .	18	islands
Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .	35	islands
We have been grand to Formosa itself -- lots of aid , and , most of the time , a policy of support for the offshore islands .	26	islands
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place With Fire And Sword ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , Bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the Black Sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey .	19	islands
`` Even when the islands were under German mandate before World War 1 , , Europeans gave Eromonga a wide berth .	4	islands
In the Delaware River , three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush .	7	islands
Because , honey , I thought silently , there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded , together .	13	islands
Coconuts , the fruit of the coconut palm , have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets .	22	islands
Moreover , he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands , among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies .	10	islands
All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450-mile-long strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands .	17	islands
The potters of the Aegean islands thus stood apart from those of the mainland , and in Greece itself Argive , Corinthian , Attic , Boeotian , and other Geometric sequences have each their own hallmarks .	5	islands
In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm , one of the Danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition .	19	islands
O'Connor and Eckenfelder discussed the use of aerated lagoons for treating organic wastes .	8	lagoons
It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development .	5	lagoons
Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget .	3	holes
It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes .	11	holes
There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes .	10	holes
He bogeyed the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a 2-over-par 74 and a 72-hole total of 280 .	16	holes
Finding it true that he was not inside , the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket .	18	holes
Placement of these holes is not critical , but they should be located so that the centers are about 1/8'' '' from any edge .	3	holes
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together .	5	holes
As Player stepped on the first tee he knew that Palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day .	16	holes
`` I'd wind up full of bullet holes '' , he said , and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his coworkers .	7	holes
The sail was still unfurled , though there were a good many holes in it , as Langer had predicted would be the case by now .	12	holes
The adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade .	11	holes
Drill four No. 19 and four No. 28 holes in the 12'' '' long `` A '' pieces .	8	holes
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets .	2	holes
Drill two No. 50 holes , one in the insert and one in the locking bar spacer directly above it , and tap 2-56 .	4	holes
Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries .	5	holes
The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes , his only ones , now patched with folded parchment .	17	holes
If notched for the battens , they would require more work , be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through .	16	holes
He just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye .	12	holes
Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the upper piece `` A '' as shown in Fig. 7 .	4	holes
Locate their positions in Fig. 7 and drill No. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame .	14	holes
In fact , he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well , to go 4 under par for the first eight holes .	24	holes
For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West .	9	holes
Only recently new `` holes '' were discovered in our safety measures , and a search is now on for more .	4	holes
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels .	9	holes
While clay is still pressed in mold , press three equally spaced holes 1/4'' '' deep , using pencil eraser , in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing .	12	holes
Note , 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts .	9	holes
A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts .	6	holes
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ;	27	holes
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper .	18	holes
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper .	28	holes
After playing a splendid first nine holes in 34 -- two strokes under par -- on this fifth and final day of the tournament ( Sunday's fourth round had been washed out by a violent rainstorm when it was only half completed ) , Player's game rapidly fell to pieces .	6	holes
It is now a sweep of boulders and ledges , with oak , walnut and sumac creeping across the common , and everywhere the ruins and the long , long shadows .	6	boulders
Not that I intentionally go unperceived , but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman .	9	boulders
Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones .	15	boulders
Pure fire ( the stars ) is in the heavens .	4	stars
They picnicked by the pool , then lay back on the grass and looked at stars .	15	stars
He was mad about stars at the age of nine .	4	stars
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ;	5	stars
Not only did constellations like Draco , Cepheus , and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night .	18	stars
And while less than ten years earlier the wayward Black Sox -- all of them top performers in their positions -- had toiled for stingy Charles Comiskey at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year , stars now were asking ten thousand dollars , twenty thousand dollars , yes , even fifty thousand dollars a season .	41	stars
Demons , fairies , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars .	31	stars
Bedtime is late , for the balmy evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars .	17	stars
Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year .	0	stars
above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars .	8	stars
The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth .	1	stars
A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains , followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky .	24	stars
It was a delayed moon , but now the sky had cleared of scudding black and the stars sugared the silver-gray sky .	17	stars
The sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars .	26	stars
Because of this Dr. Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there .	15	stars
Mercer saw the sun rise on occasion , closed his eyes briefly , and opened them to see stars shining .	18	stars
Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ;	21	stars
There were lights glinting in the city , too , even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible .	20	stars
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .	38	stars
His coat trimmed in sable , diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam , he was often prone to sit sulkily , eye downcast , in a Scheherazade trance .	7	stars
Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights .	4	stars
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass .	7	stars
Both were scholastic stars in football , basketball , and baseball ( Mantle in Commerce , Okla. , Maris in Fargo , N.D. ) ; ;	3	stars
They did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses , to exchange names with each other , to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all .	9	stars
By distinguishing superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence , and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles , Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies , which moved in only a perfect way , viz. in a perfect circle .	29	stars
They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars .	23	stars
