The twist lay in using Bing Crosby's voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie Bracken mouthed the words .	14	man
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit .	9	man
One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse .	16	man
There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .	8	man
Since the psychiatric interview , like any other interview , depends on communication , it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience .	27	man
`` Be sure the man nearest you is awake .	4	man
`` The accommodations may not be the poshest , but man ! !	10	man
I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the twitching body of the man he had shot , then run back to his position .	14	man
The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight .	2	man
But court adjourned after he testified he introduced James White and Jeremiah Hope Pullings , two of the defendants , and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy , a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted .	29	man
I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register .	4	man
Then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke , and it was no different .	3	man
Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth .	5	man
He said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments .	21	man
Rangoni and Amonasro have the same purpose -- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause -- and their tactics are much the same .	14	man
Each man , that is , is both one and many .	1	man
He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm .	19	man
They crowded the small room and peered over one another's shoulders to watch the handless man write his name in the book .	15	man
Another man approached , this one fully dressed .	1	man
The waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle barricade , and asked me in French if I had papers to leave France .	2	man
He is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary , uncertain impulses .	3	man
He is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary , uncertain impulses .	10	man
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts .	2	man
When something unexpected happened , one always asked for water if one were a woman , brandy if one were a man .	21	man
A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;	4	man
His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion , yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child .	18	man
`` I scanned the world through printed symbol swart , And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man .	21	man
Two or three times , C. C. Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston , that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb .	18	man
The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation , and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry .	18	man
After Captain Docherty sent Arleigh Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned , buoyed up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne .	27	man
A dour , gangling man with a choppy gait , Colmer looks younger than his 70 years , has gradually swung from a moderate , internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative .	4	man
Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions .	6	soldier
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist , so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or , if I could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury .	9	soldier
`` I am only a simple soldier .	6	soldier
As the civic temper rises , the more naive citizens begin to play soldier -- but the guns are real .	13	soldier
A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that ever I saw .	2	soldier
The soldier answered in a curious , muffled voice , his lips barely moving .	1	soldier
Every soldier in the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation .	1	soldier
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' .	2	soldier
An Ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` dear Sis .	2	soldier
A Mississippi soldier wrote : `` our General Reub Davis is a vain , stuck-up , illiterate ass '' .	2	soldier
The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .	32	soldier
Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .	5	soldier
Despising luxuries of any sort for a soldier , he slept on a pile of hay with his cloak as blanket .	7	soldier
A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : `` I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days .	2	soldier
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier .	17	soldier
But the Maryland militia had likewise fled , all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution , an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general , as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements .	15	soldier
An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : `` they thout I was a saint .	2	soldier
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier .	8	soldier
`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' .	4	soldier
A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks .	2	soldier
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' .	2	soldier
Sergeant Mike Donaldson , Congressional Medal of Honor soldier , was one of them .	8	soldier
Charles Thiot , a splendid Georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , well-educated , and nearly fifty years of age .	6	soldier
Former British Prime Minister Attlee says Eisenhower was not a `` great soldier '' .	12	soldier
He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof , but the soldier had followed him .	12	soldier
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .	23	soldier
A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864 : :	2	soldier
He moves through Harlem , therefore , like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country ; ;	10	soldier
What I mean is , he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys .	12	soldier
Now , more than five years later , I cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier .	18	soldier
he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police-dodging , and housebreaking .	5	child
If a child loses a molar at the age of two , the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space , thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble .	2	child
You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .	8	child
I mean something more like Freud's concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` fireman '' as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences , reliving them imaginatively until they are under control .	17	child
If a child had a single drop of Negro blood , he would revert to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years .	2	child
She was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in Haverhill .	13	child
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better .	14	child
In general , members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone .	10	child
As a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others .	6	child
No child , this tart , she must have been thirty-five or even forty .	1	child
Or perhaps she hears words or sounds : `` There's such a noise of loud machinery '' , or `` I hear a child crying '' , or `` He says we're all here and glad to see you '' .	23	child
The closet was faintly fragrant with lavender , and as Lucy shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind , like a lavender ghost : Greg's house , on the day he was buried , and the child , pale , silent , baffled , watching the funeral guests with panicky eyes .	39	child
Ever since the hooch , and the trouble with the Quartet , and Midge and the child .	16	child
And yet -- a year to a child is an eternity , and in the memory that phase of one's being -- a certain mental landscape -- will seem to have endured without beginning and without end .	7	child
It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age .	11	child
It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme d'un certain age .	44	child
She had offered to walk , but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called `` Auntie '' .	16	child
Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting .	4	child
The grand jury took a swipe at the State Welfare Department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes .	17	child
Hamm's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside .	18	child
I understand how you feel about the child .	7	child
the conflict is not Boris versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child , but Boris versus the Russian people .	16	child
Should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race ? ?	27	child
She was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience .	3	child
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child .	10	child
We don't think she can make her child defective , emotionally disturbed or autistic .	7	child
He is a parent with a child to nurture , here and now , and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world .	6	child
If a child with an I.Q. of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement , his discrepancy score would be , representing of one year of over-achievement .	2	child
It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .	30	child
Growing up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasn't a good thing for a child , even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been .	19	child
She said , with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child .	13	child
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family .	13	wife
Then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which , discussing the evening , he was continually berated .	18	wife
But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will .	16	wife
In the kitchen , Leona , his little young wife , was reading the morning paper .	9	wife
`` Neither me nor my wife were helped by that chiropractor's treatments '' .	5	wife
Hiring the wife for one's company may win her tax-aided retirement income .	2	wife
And wasn't John's wife , Edythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ?	3	wife
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place .	10	wife
) Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden , in Durrell's Alexandria Quartet , stammered when he spoke of his wife , which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship .	19	wife
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe's wife .	29	wife
When I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it '' .	11	wife
He has a glorious wife and many children .	4	wife
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed .	3	wife
Never in my life have I felt so remorseful about anything I've done as I did about spending that night with my own wife .	23	wife
But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits .	19	wife
He would wear this same costume in Florida , despite his wife Cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him .	11	wife
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again .	3	wife
Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women .	10	wife
For example , he captured some persons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods .	35	wife
Then he met the grave eyes of his wife , Anne , from the photograph next to David's .	8	wife
He proudly wore the blue livery of her house , for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie , wife of the prominent surgeon , Dr. Louis Lalaurie , who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names .	18	wife
With that wife of his , I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance .	2	wife
The victims were H. Malone Dresbach , 47 , and his wife , Shirley , 46 .	11	wife
`` You mean you dragged your wife all over hell's half-acre looking for work '' ? ?	6	wife
Just before game time , Robinson's pretty wife , Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer .	7	wife
Years of watching while Poor John struggled without the help and understanding of the kind of wife a man needed to get ahead .	16	wife
I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! !	12	wife
But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son .	18	wife
She was Ellen Aldridge , a widow of good repute who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family .	15	wife
Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here .	21	wife
Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes .	10	mother
Mrs. Alice H. Reese , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel .	10	mother
`` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him .	15	mother
At this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her mother :	19	mother
For his birthday , because Richard had seen them in a store and asked for them , his mother bought him the Zend-Avesta and a little image of the Indian god , Acala .	18	mother
`` Sure , we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young , beautiful and the toast of two continents '' `` Remember Fanny Brice promised my mother she would look after me on the road '' ? ?	36	mother
`` O Blessed Virgin Mary , Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon England , thy `` dowry '' , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee .	15	mother
In the afternoon Miss Hosaka and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs. Kodama to see the famous Spring dances of the Geisha dancers .	7	mother
And tomorrow she would take time to shop for the kimono her mother wanted to present to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostess gown .	12	mother
She was a strange woman , your mother .	7	mother
He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file .	5	mother
A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine , who used to often seclude herself in her room , often sounded through the closed door -- as I would find on passing by , between our sessions -- for all the world like two persons , a scolding mother and a defensive child .	48	mother
And the boy will need his mother .	6	mother
Her mother , now dead , was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a sobering wish to say something meaningful to her , something her mother would wish said .	1	mother
Her mother , now dead , was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a sobering wish to say something meaningful to her , something her mother would wish said .	40	mother
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother .	20	mother
Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers .	1	mother
Edmonia for her mother , she said firmly , Jennifer , for herself , and --	3	mother
Even less regard for mom and mom's apple pie goes with : Af In other words , the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated .	23	mother
`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .	21	mother
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , Paul Morel , sometimes repels .	16	mother
In New York City in 1958 , the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device .	21	mother
His mother , who had seen little of him for four years , appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which , she herself having slight knowledge of it , had to be distrusted .	1	mother
Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos .	1	mother
`` You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them .	22	mother
`` Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days '' , my mother advised the children , ceremonially .	12	mother
If she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother , she did not comment upon it .	11	mother
For galled breasts , the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste .	5	mother
My mother was beside herself with curiosity .	1	mother
During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience .	7	mother
Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles .	1	mother
A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company .	8	officer
The policy officer lives with his antennae alerted for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility .	2	officer
Each of the organization's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts , such as political affairs officer , a department head or an economist , to start .	16	officer
The reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer , both of whom remained noncommittal as to what action , if any , would be taken in my regard .	10	officer
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim .	27	officer
Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank .	5	officer
Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial .	18	officer
Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number .	7	officer
Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring .	2	officer
All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks .	5	officer
But when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of cowardice made against him , the men who had seen Reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard Reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the Sioux , refused to say a harsh word against him .	30	officer
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago .	10	officer
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future .	12	officer
One of the more seriously wounded was Lieutenant Carroll , the young officer bucking for the Regular Army .	12	officer
The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration .	14	officer
Alexander the Great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once .	19	officer
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces .	19	officer
A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped .	2	officer
At his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer , Evensen , as well as his report thereon .	19	officer
Walton dropped everything to serve as a district co-ordinator in the hard-fought Wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important New York City .	25	officer
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired .	19	officer
Gen. Taylor , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure .	12	officer
Before making the news public Sherman sent an officer with the note to Thomas .	8	officer
An internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod , a former F.B.I. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance .	16	officer
The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer , two of them calling him Billy .	14	officer
The nice-looking young officer fell back on his heels , open-mouthed and blushing .	3	officer
He , McBride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , Lord , would go scot-free , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too energetically .	22	officer
Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it .	15	officer
Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces .	14	officer
Me , I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and unfathomable manner '' .	8	officer
`` That doctor annoys me '' .	2	doctor
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' .	6	doctor
The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .	1	doctor
Alex returned to the hotel , rather weary and with no new prospects of a role , in the late afternoon , but found the doctor in an ebullient mood .	25	doctor
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated .	8	doctor
His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating .	9	doctor
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient .	2	doctor
`` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile .	3	doctor
As I ministered to his needs , I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord .	33	doctor
They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ;	31	doctor
The two men sat for some time , savoring the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings , before they got up and left the hotel , the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office .	32	doctor
It so happened that sports writer Arthur Robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence .	18	doctor
Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled .	8	doctor
The doctor , he noticed , was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs , but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well .	1	doctor
The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to initiate Alex further into these undertakings .	1	doctor
Alex's instruction was rapid , for the doctor had to go off to the Rue Ecole De Medecine to hear more speeches with only time for one sip of wine to sustain him through them all .	7	doctor
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony .	16	doctor
`` Take a full month '' , the doctor had said .	8	doctor
Being the Harbor's sole doctor , Abel was also its Medical Examiner .	4	doctor
The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world .	24	doctor
`` I told you what Miss Ada's doctor said '' .	7	doctor
The doctor instantly asked .	1	doctor
From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .	5	doctor
Then the manager called for a doctor .	6	doctor
To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him .	12	doctor
He took her to a doctor , for she was run down , nervous , did not care where she was .	5	doctor
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ;	1	doctor
The doctor gravely nodded approval .	1	doctor
Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' .	13	doctor
If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only ? ?	5	doctor
If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only ? ?	15	doctor
Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking right now '' .	4	patient
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient .	11	patient
I stood at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain .	7	patient
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ;	7	patient
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' .	11	patient
One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .	17	patient
Moreover , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide .	4	patient
( 1 ) What allows us to think that the patient had no third-dimensional representations when his eyes were closed ? ?	10	patient
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred .	2	patient
But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .	17	patient
The patient , on the other hand , is far from neutral ; ;	1	patient
, the patient replied , `` Both , Dearie -- two in one '' .	2	patient
Because of his brain injury and the extreme damage suffered to his sight , the patient had to train himself for a new line of work , that of a portfolio-maker , an occupation requiring a great deal of precision in the making of measurements and a fairly well-developed sense of form and contour .	15	patient
Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to .	13	patient
Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to .	31	patient
Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq. per liter , and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm. By Dec. 1 , 1958 , the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse , and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position .	42	patient
In 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years .	3	patient
In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Fraud's cure-all gadget can prove fatal .	26	patient
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' .	3	patient
Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome .	13	patient
Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient ? ?	17	patient
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide .	7	patient
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors .	2	patient
In September , 1958 , the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia ; ;	6	patient
As a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient .	22	patient
It was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there .	9	patient
Even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year , Georgia will be spending only around $3.15 per day per patient .	22	patient
If the old fool argues about the price , tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer .	22	patient
( This patient , in actuality , was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty .	2	patient
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade .	4	patient
That done , I told Miss Groggins to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind .	10	patient
I tried my hardest , with little help , may I say , from my husband and leading man , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe .	15	husband
I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband stealer .	14	husband
When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires , she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her .	2	husband
Early Spring came from her bed , from beside her half-drunk husband , Walitzee , and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion , the sound of hushed voices .	11	husband
Finally , Mama did mention to Mrs. Coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs , and then Mrs. Coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone , even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity .	37	husband
Roberta glanced up at her husband .	5	husband
On the other hand , wifely supremacy demeans the husband , saps his self-respect , and robs him of his masculinity .	9	husband
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again .	14	husband
Anthony Steel , as the husband , is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce , labeling her action adulterous .	5	husband
Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband .	31	husband
I'll just tell him you're my husband .	6	husband
Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours .	7	husband
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child .	6	husband
Paula says that even though Carl's letters usually began , `` Dear Miss Steichen '' , there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife .	27	husband
The girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back .	5	husband
Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy .	13	husband
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place .	2	husband
Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been .	33	husband
One wife , described by a New York psychologist , so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule , writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties .	13	husband
While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .	41	husband
To please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores .	5	husband
The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality .	15	husband
if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien , her husband .	13	husband
Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city , the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male .	4	husband
She and her husband had formerly lived in New York , where she had many friends , but Mr. Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war .	3	husband
An item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription , adding : `` I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband '' .	25	husband
She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates , although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that .	6	husband
His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed .	12	husband
Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university , bringing them back here from the east .	1	husband
`` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps .	21	husband
Television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz , which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family .	26	member
At the workshop , Mrs. Schenk will discuss `` the board and the staff , librarian-board relationships , personnel policies , how good is our librarian and staff , how good am I as a library board member and how good is our library '' .	37	member
Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union , which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country .	6	member
Rare , indeed , is the Harlem citizen , from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent , who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence , injustice , or brutality .	14	member
Ask each new member to bring his Pledge of Loyalty to the Reception Service .	3	member
The terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean , but before you start spouting them to your date , it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major Pockmanster's Delhi Regiment , since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit .	35	member
but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract , theological way , like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things .	17	member
On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution , the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action .	7	member
Her husband , who is the son of Alton John Mason of Shreveport , La. , and the late Mrs. Henry Cater Parmer , was president of Alpha Tau Omega and a member of Delta Sigma Pi at Lamar Tech , and did graduate work at Rhodes University in Grahamstown , South Africa , on a Rotary Fellowship .	32	member
Another controversy typical of the war between the Englishman and the Examiner centered on Robert ( later Viscount ) Molesworth , a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council .	28	member
She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small tea-drinking parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes , although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations .	9	member
He was a former commander of Willamette Heights , Post , and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation .	13	member
All scientific staff members will have the title , ' research-staff member .	11	member
You may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; ;	9	member
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist , so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or , if I could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury .	41	member
From the point of view of popularity the best-known member of the Commission was Walter Camp , the Yale athlete whose sobriquet was `` the father of American football '' .	9	member
I am also pleased to note that Mr. John B. Oakes , a member of the Times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor .	13	member
Sheeran , a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate , Freeholder William MacDonald , for the vacancy left by the resignation of Neil Duffy , now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals .	33	member
When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent .	15	member
Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ;	2	member
He was a member of Harmony lodge , No. 12 , AF & AM , Scottish Rite ; ;	3	member
Provide a name card for each new member .	7	member
It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. Thomas G. Pullen , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him .	8	member
-- I , too , congratulate the American Legion , of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years , on the recent state convention .	19	member
Deppy is Despina Messinesi , a long-time member of the Vogue staff who , although born in Boston , was born there of Greek parents .	7	member
These were carried out not too faithfully by Filippo Costaggini , who began by supplying the missing member to the founder of Pennsylvania and noting in pencil , in Italian , that he `` began at this point '' .	17	member
Although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government .	13	member
Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point .	1	member
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' .	21	member
Racial discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator .	17	member
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral .	7	employee
Aim to balance your employee benefit package .	4	employee
Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? ?	4	employee
Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution ? ?	8	employee
Make sure you don't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working .	11	employee
The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men , a French magician , Georges Melies , and an American employee of Edison , Edwin S. Porter .	37	employee
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval .	14	employee
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval .	22	employee
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval .	34	employee
Above all , don't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will .	12	employee
Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? ?	13	employee
Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program .	18	employee
Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ?	7	employee
And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth .	4	employee
Further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year .	6	employee
Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation .	14	employee
Commenting on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description .	48	employee
Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement .	3	employee
If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to .	6	employee
An engineer had been made the works manager of a firm , supplanting a retired employee who had been considered outstandingly successful .	15	employee
Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ?	18	employee
Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay .	2	employee
Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? ?	6	employee
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model .	10	kid
`` He found the Pedersen kid by the crib '' .	5	kid
They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime .	20	kid
But then he had said , `` All right , kid , if that's how you want it , that's how it'll be '' .	10	kid
`` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ?	10	kid
The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump ! !	1	kid
The kid '' .	1	kid
When he was a kid I wasn't around '' .	4	kid
The Pedersen kid .	2	kid
`` See that kid '' ? ?	3	kid
`` You get that kid over to Rose's house '' .	4	kid
Stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats .	11	kid
Nice kid , Ernie thought , too bad .	1	kid
`` Stay right here where you are , kid '' , he called .	8	kid
I like that kid '' .	3	kid
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items .	28	kid
Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again : Rob was his boy , the kid he had rescued from the streets , the object of his pride .	26	kid
He'd not care about getting waked so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain .	20	kid
`` The kid had a automatic , like they issue in the Army '' , he said .	2	kid
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid '' .	9	kid
`` The kid has no manners , boys .	2	kid
I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen .	10	kid
I came back , sitting by my locker , feeling real low , and the kid walks over to me , looks up , and says : ' You stunk ' '' .	15	kid
Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight .	32	kid
Not Pedersen's kid neither .	2	kid
Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving .	77	kid
Two of the new hands , a Mexican named Jose Amado and a kid known only as Laredo , were picked for the first trick of riding night herd .	13	kid
Deegan had no business ramming into that kid out there .	7	kid
To people who didn't know her she was a gawky , badly dressed kid whose arms were too long , whose legs were a little too bony .	13	kid
Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street , talking to the kid .	12	kid
Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in Chiba , and divided his life between the land and the sea , supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat .	4	son
There , to the Evening Post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly American .	26	son
When Richard's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist -- a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws -- their young son was interested .	26	son
He loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him .	3	son
Banks had a family -- a wife , a daughter , and a son .	13	son
Here I was accompanied by Mrs. Okamoto ( Fumio's mother ) , her son , Mr. Washizu ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ) , and Mr. Nishima , one of the science teachers .	13	son
Survivors include a son , Charles R. Fergeson , Memphis , Tenn. ; ;	3	son
But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious : the failure of the boss's wife and son to join the outfit .	20	son
It had grown hot early that day , and I hoped that the boy , my brother's son , would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground , carrying the jar of cool water .	17	son
But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son .	22	son
From the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being Cubans , were native Americans , subsequently identified as Leon Bearden , 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge , Ariz. , and his son , Cody , 16 , a high-school junior .	36	son
Though that may be unfair since Ben Cooper , John's first son , came along early in 1938 , the cutest baby you ever saw and a blessing that he looked all Cooper from fontanel to pink toes , nary a trace of Edythe .	11	son
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities .	4	son
All his family was dead , except for his son .	9	son
`` Yes , like a father and son '' .	7	son
The driver admitted he was the Dresbachs' son and all three were taken to the Edgewater Station , police said .	7	son
You've already sent your daughter to Miss X's select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Y's select academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity .	14	son
I know , that my son wants control and direction , but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction .	5	son
Cynthia Flower , daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr. , to Todd Huntington , son of the David Huntingtons .	14	son
Bridges , a son by his second wife , was christened at Pebworth in 1607 , but Thomas the younger was living at Packwood two years later and sold Broad Marston manor in 1622 .	3	son
Mr. McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires .	17	son
His father would come upstairs and stand self-consciously at the foot of the bed and look at his son .	18	son
Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son .	17	son
If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , Brannon had told the others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time .	26	son
And Lawrence Chase , son of the Ransom Chases , is listed at his new address in Oxford , Eng. .	4	son
His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe .	9	son
There was something not nice about triplets , though their father seemed pleased , showing no disappointment that they hadn't been the son he wanted , saying , `` You don't see triplets trippin' down the pike ever' day , Miss Jen , hon .	22	son
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer .	1	son
His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life .	1	son
If his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter , Agnes , to the son of the dauphin of Vienne -- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas , for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition , he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward , even though , as he admitted to the English ambassadors , he had been advised that the original cession was invalid .	30	son
Nevertheless I consider it reasonable , because of my commitment as an artist , to assume that the rights and responsibilities of creative individuals are related to humanity as a whole rather than to specific geo-political interests .	12	artist
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view .	18	artist
`` The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic -- no , he is more than that , a virtuoso performer in some vast philharmonic .	2	artist
Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them .	6	artist
The artist was born in Gilbert Mills , New York , in 1886 , and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to California , he lived in western New York , in Batavia .	1	artist
`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .	19	artist
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself .	37	artist
By the end of the third act , the artist is dead but the body lingers on , a shell among other shells .	9	artist
There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art .	9	artist
Django Reinhardt , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels .	10	artist
If , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; ;	38	artist
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .	39	artist
On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .	18	artist
Paula's older brother is Edward Steichen , a talented artist and , for the past half-century , one of the world's eminent photographers .	9	artist
Her form was silhouetted and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body , a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired .	22	artist
I explained my state of mind to artist Winsor McCay and to `` Bugs '' Baer .	7	artist
he is far from being a literary hero , yet is a creative artist .	13	artist
The worthy Mondrian , seeing these pictures , said in a tone of kindly reproof : `` But you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition '' ! !	22	artist
it is particularly the artist ( Tonio Kroger , Aschenbach , Leverkuhn ) who suffers from it .	4	artist
This is when his troubles begin , not to mention a fledgling artist who he hires , and who turns out to have ideas of his own , with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary .	12	artist
He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .	86	artist
Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta , as every artist delights to do , wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` In their relations , she was the giver and he the receiver , nay the demander .	15	artist
But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no compliments and drew long faces .	10	artist
You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist , accustomed to studying the physical body .	19	artist
The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department .	18	artist
The artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction .	1	artist
A process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long .	7	artist
A process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long .	22	artist
Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket .	27	artist
as a result , such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him .	14	artist
At Stettin the university-educated artist , who had studied German , was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander .	4	artist
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .	31	teacher
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .	13	teacher
The teacher was a pliant fool .	1	teacher
Never until in this work of S-D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a Teacher .	19	teacher
Although the teacher must be concerned with maintaining standards , he must also be concerned about understanding differences in ability , background , and experience .	2	teacher
They singsonged the portion at the teacher , who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick .	6	teacher
Reared in England , she studied to be a teacher , earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London .	9	teacher
These records , when systematically maintained , provide much information about the children , which the teacher can use in guidance , instruction , grouping , and reporting to parents .	16	teacher
( An enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days .	3	teacher
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual .	3	teacher
A strong temperance advocate , through the influence of a favorite teacher , Charles Stewart , another Finney convert , he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause .	11	teacher
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .	13	teacher
This section deals with some of the sources of information that can be tapped by the classroom teacher ; ;	17	teacher
My future plans are to become a language teacher .	8	teacher
Each new teacher to whom the pupil goes is expected to study the information in the cumulative record and to bring it up to date .	2	teacher
Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head .	31	teacher
Five years were spent with the Cologne Opera , after which he was called to Prague by Alexander von Zemlinsky , teacher of Arnold Schonberg and Erich Korngold .	21	teacher
At any rate , the teacher who recognizes common causes of retardation and maladjustment can frequently do a great deal to eliminate the causes of pupil discouragement , failure , and maladjustment .	5	teacher
He then pushes his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over .	10	teacher
A certain teacher scheduled a `` Fear Party '' for her fourth grade pupils .	2	teacher
Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue .	18	teacher
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students .	7	teacher
The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack .	25	teacher
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ?	6	teacher
Then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques , full of dash and wit and glamor , quoting from the books I read , imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special , after-school class I was enrolled .	38	teacher
We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation .	10	teacher
They bent over yellowed prayerbooks and looked up only to watch the teacher .	12	teacher
Only the teacher and other professional personnel are permitted to see or use these records .	2	teacher
Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher .	18	teacher
It is apparent , therefore , that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children .	8	teacher
Completed and opened for traffic in 1852 , the bridge was designed and built by Lemuel Chenoweth and his brother , Eli , of Beverly .	19	brother
In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother .	19	brother
But Innesfree , where Ellen Roe Danaher and her bullying brother , Will , live , is no place for a man who will not use his fists .	10	brother
It was barely possible that his brother was right .	6	brother
Unlike his younger brother , Joe , he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as `` My dear friend '' , although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style .	3	brother
His sister and brother , Marie Louise , 3 , and John Raymond , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital .	3	brother
there was much to grok , loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle ( not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone ) why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy , how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not , the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing --	63	brother
My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died .	1	brother
`` You are all right , my brother '' ? ?	7	brother
One of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother , Lew .	12	brother
Once Peter asked , `` How oft shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ? ?	9	brother
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' .	5	brother
There was one time , however , when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted , `` Why did my brother commit suicide '' ? ?	20	brother
Here , in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season ( his first since The Catcher In The Rye , ) he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her 25-year-old brother .	46	brother
Grigorss is the child of an incestuous union between a royal brother and sister , the twins Sibylla and Wiligis .	11	brother
What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! !	10	brother
Paula's older brother is Edward Steichen , a talented artist and , for the past half-century , one of the world's eminent photographers .	2	brother
Everything was all very friendly , except when it came to Harry , the youngest brother .	15	brother
The anti-slavery movement and other contemporary reforms and philanthropies were given leadership and financial undergirding by Arthur Tappan ( 1786-1865 ) and his younger brother , Lewis Tappan ( 1788-1873 ) .	24	brother
She would hover over him and , looking like her brother , anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon .	10	brother
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .	19	brother
Watson told me that his brother always sent roses to his mother , blossoms bought with Vic's allowance to him .	5	brother
and his brother , Mr. Wendell Jr. , and his wife , who will arrive from Boston .	2	brother
Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves , the many threes-fulfilled on Mars , corporate and discorporate , the precious few on Earth -- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself .	6	brother
Lucy's correspondence with brother Winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies .	3	brother
The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society , a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world .	1	brother
Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi's absence in Europe .	19	brother
After more years of concentrated effort , Roy and his brother Max finally established a thriving family business at the old stand .	10	brother
A picture of her in high school comes from a younger schoolmate , Albert S. Flint , friend of her brother Winslow , and later , like Winslow , a noted astronomer .	20	brother
He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to Niobe , the neatest ones to Concetta , and the laced ones to Romeo , Concetta's idiot brother .	28	brother
`` As a writer , by what have I been obsessed these last ten years , if not by mankind ? ?	3	writer
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of .	2	writer
Yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian , writer or man in the street .	12	writer
like Malraux he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured , and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer .	27	writer
The writer , being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students , did insist on there being included some `` hindsight '' material .	1	writer
Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition .	12	writer
One such is Abraham Meyer , the writer of a recent book , Speaking Of Man .	7	writer
But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth , the joke that strikes right at the center of man's humanness .	2	writer
An out-of-town writer came up to Paul Richards today and asked the Oriole manager if he thought his ball club would be improved this year .	2	writer
When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ?	2	writer
Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity .	17	writer
What matters is that while Fromm's reading of the data is not the only one possible , it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied .	27	writer
Near Southampton , in a considerable establishment , lived Homer Vachell , a well-known pulp writer , and his brother , Horace -- both friends of Lewis's .	15	writer
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' .	4	writer
The contributors to this testament were all well-known : a former Democratic candidate for President , a New Deal poet , the magazine's chief editorial writer , two newspaper columnists , head of a national broadcasting company , a popular Protestant evangelist , etc. .	25	writer
The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter `` simpleton '' instead of `` simplicitude '' .	2	writer
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' .	18	writer
When Fred Powell's brother-in-law , Charlie Keane , moved into the dead man's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice :	18	writer
He was ghost writer for Babe Ruth , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph .	3	writer
We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor .	26	writer
The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be .	1	writer
Then , with the hymn writer of old , you can say :	5	writer
The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical absolutes , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment .	33	writer
The young writer seems intimidated by psychological knowledge ; ;	2	writer
As a writer on the theater , I have paid close attention to the plays .	2	writer
William Styron , while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance , insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes .	24	writer
Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau : that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta .	9	writer
Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau : that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta .	21	writer
Though it did not become known to the writer for some time , a nucleus group had sprung up within the class .	8	writer
Liston is Bill Liston , baseball writer for the Boston Traveler , who quoted Jensen as saying :	6	writer
In his concluding paragraph he writes : `` The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' .	10	writer
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him .	36	parent
He is a parent with a child to nurture , here and now , and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world .	3	parent
The Washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales , made at cost to an oil company , by a wholly-owned subsidiary set up to purchase certain supplies without divulging the identity of the parent .	39	parent
An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home .	15	parent
Finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers , and the Citizens Committee on Public Schools .	4	parent
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent .	13	parent
Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops .	2	parent
A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money .	13	parent
The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for certainty .	1	parent
`` Girls , my dear parent , are here to stay ! !	5	parent
Her woolly-minded parent agreed .	2	parent
Mainly these were concerned with the possibility of the death of one parent and the complication of living with the survivor afterward , but the possible death of one's own spouse was not overlooked .	12	parent
The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries .	1	parent
( An enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days .	5	parent
It is interesting , however , that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing , almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco crops ; ;	30	colonel
He had thought that the suggestion of taking it himself would tip the colonel in the direction of serving his own order , but the slip of paper was folded and absently thrust into the colonel's belt .	13	colonel
She is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London , a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states .	18	colonel
Despite his yearning , the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines .	5	colonel
`` Our objective '' , the colonel had said that day of the briefing , `` is Papa-san '' .	6	colonel
Even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it , not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church -- his ambitions for the bishopry had died very early in his career -- but for the one clear victory he had talked about to the colonel .	53	colonel
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways .	1	colonel
Beckworth handed the pass to the colonel .	6	colonel
It is doubtful if Morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children , for his pay , as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel , and that apt to be delayed .	38	colonel
The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail .	1	colonel
Seeing the slanting hand , Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel .	14	colonel
`` Funny thing '' , Mr. Kahler said , when they were seated , `` when I heard you ringing , I figured it was that guy down the block , Hausman '' .	26	guy
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel .	5	guy
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes .	41	guy
My eyes were so bleary I could barely see him but there he was , a little smooth olivefaced guy in a new spring overcoat and a taffycolored fedora .	19	guy
`` Listen , I got a buddy I travel with , real nice guy named Larry .	13	guy
I asked an old guy running a fishing station if the boat was Moore's .	4	guy
Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit .	8	guy
Walton , who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy .	30	guy
This guy was strictly from Outsville .	1	guy
Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! !	5	guy
And anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk .	8	guy
`` You're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize '' .	7	guy
`` Listen , wise guy , if you think I'm gonna do all the fighting for this ball club you're crazy '' .	4	guy
`` See that guy '' ? ?	3	guy
Jesus , the guy says he is trying .	3	guy
He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked .	7	guy
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy .	28	guy
Actually Johnny is a glib , garrulous guy , with a rare sense of humor .	7	guy
I did book jackets and covers for paperback reprints : naked girls huddling in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway , daring the cops to take him , is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver .	33	guy
As a matter of fact , he wouldn't have cared at all if the guy had been hit .	14	guy
`` Some day '' , I told Eileen , `` that guy will kill us both '' .	11	guy
Much as I love you -- well , a guy's a guy and Lucille's willing to -- to come across .	11	guy
Promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance .	34	guy
He had suspected this guy was trouble , and now he was sure of it .	4	guy
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist '' .	1	guy
The guy sulked over his drink , obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation .	1	guy
`` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' .	6	guy
A guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems ; ;	1	guy
It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to Gratt Shafer's substitute , that other guy .	50	guy
When I say move , a guy moves '' ! !	6	guy
Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner .	11	petitioner
In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes .	28	petitioner
But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file .	11	petitioner
Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment .	0	petitioner
Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 .	0	petitioner
Even if we were not bound by Nugent , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report .	9	petitioner
In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home .	26	petitioner
Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report .	0	petitioner
Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice .	0	petitioner
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation .	4	petitioner
There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared .	11	petitioner
On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board .	16	petitioner
While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process .	35	petitioner
Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice's recommendation to the appeal board .	0	petitioner
petitioner was not denied due process ; ;	0	petitioner
In addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes .	3	petitioner
Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board .	2	petitioner
Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial .	1	petitioner
Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions .	9	petitioner
At his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer , Evensen , as well as his report thereon .	4	petitioner
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service .	14	petitioner
First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested .	19	petitioner
Petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file .	0	petitioner
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces .	0	petitioner
Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so .	10	petitioner
Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board .	0	petitioner
Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching .	0	petitioner
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial .	0	petitioner
Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed .	22	petitioner
Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in Chiba , and divided his life between the land and the sea , supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat .	8	farmer
But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the `` greatest single source of strength '' in the struggle to insure freedom around the world .	10	farmer
And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , skipping and singing , `` Farmer in the dell , Farmer in the dell , Heigh-ho the dairy-oh , the farmer in the dell '' .	29	farmer
And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , skipping and singing , `` Farmer in the dell , Farmer in the dell , Heigh-ho the dairy-oh , the farmer in the dell '' .	34	farmer
And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , skipping and singing , `` Farmer in the dell , Farmer in the dell , Heigh-ho the dairy-oh , the farmer in the dell '' .	44	farmer
Cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the small-scale farmer .	13	farmer
Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was Dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' .	8	farmer
Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was Dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' .	26	farmer
`` They knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina , but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own .	8	farmer
After all , the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer , the laborer , or the businessman , but to foreigners .	12	farmer
`` This morning , we allowed a farmer $600 on the old picker he traded in on a new $2,700 model .	7	farmer
It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably .	8	farmer
It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably .	17	farmer
Even if there are no livestock , the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods , particularly during the growing season .	8	farmer
With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men : a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil .	5	farmer
While he talked you wouldn't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world , no matter if it hadn't , in six weeks , rained enough to wet a rat's ass .	10	farmer
The farmer must get up early , and , at times , work late at night .	1	farmer
A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer .	2	farmer
A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer .	28	farmer
John Salvador , a farmer from Palm Desert , Calif. , was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit .	4	farmer
He identified the man as Lewis Martin Parker , 59 , a farmer of Hartselle , Ala. .	12	farmer
Kid Ory , the trombonist chicken farmer , is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz .	6	farmer
A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably .	2	farmer
On this side of the Bay , Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen , and Shayne's pistol permit was just as good as theirs .	18	citizen
Rare , indeed , is the Harlem citizen , from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent , who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence , injustice , or brutality .	7	citizen
At the national and international level , then , what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality .	19	citizen
Today , more than ever before , the survival of our free society depends upon the citizen who is both informed and concerned .	16	citizen
With this no loyal citizen can quarrel .	4	citizen
The addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen .	34	citizen
Despite several years of front-page stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of McCarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating .	9	citizen
In fact , nobody saw us , cop or citizen .	9	citizen
`` Is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ?	6	citizen
He should be , as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was , a citizen of the world .	11	citizen
Without preliminaries , Esther asked him , `` If you are a world citizen , will you take Garry Davis' place in his tent while he goes to the hospital '' ? ?	13	citizen
When Dr. Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case , he gave them his personal approval of my entry , saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany .	8	citizen
But for the average citizen , unfortunately , this is one of science's worst-marked channels , full of tricky currents and unknown depths .	4	citizen
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' .	2	citizen
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional .	12	citizen
Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged , in the South as in the North , as America's true sovereign , in `` a new birth of freedom '' , as Lincoln promised .	5	citizen
This means an added burden to innumerable postmen , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis .	42	citizen
At that moment , up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel , Switzerland .	18	citizen
Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death .	11	citizen
We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth-Century Composers .	12	citizen
Extraordinary precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold .	15	citizen
In each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen .	8	citizen
The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' .	54	citizen
So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as Stall , Power-Seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen .	70	citizen
Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience .	6	citizen
In this same society , the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume .	7	citizen
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .	13	citizen
Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars , or even of Tikopia , and no senatorial investigation will result .	9	citizen
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement .	9	worker
There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement .	18	worker
Philip Staffe , the ship's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent .	10	worker
Employer representatives have contended that the Secretary has gone beyond his authority by such a prohibition , on the grounds that the Wagner-Peyser Act requires only written notice to the prospective worker that a dispute exists .	31	worker
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying .	22	worker
In the pre-Civil War years , the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North .	20	worker
A skilled worker on the assembly line , for example , earns $37 a week .	2	worker
In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance .	13	worker
Man , to whom Mij gave endless affection and fealty , was responsible in the form of a road worker with a pickaxe who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man .	19	worker
Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention .	33	worker
Never had no trouble with him before , thought he was a hard worker , hustling around to get a full week's work .	13	worker
The Wechsler Intelligence Scale For Children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker .	16	worker
In this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem .	5	worker
While expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives .	16	worker
) Starting from this , and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society , it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread , stated worker satisfaction , rather than widespread , stated worker dissatisfaction .	38	worker
) Starting from this , and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society , it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread , stated worker satisfaction , rather than widespread , stated worker dissatisfaction .	46	worker
To establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately , preferably within the first interview , by meeting the client's specific needs .	7	worker
Follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's day-to-day mental health and social functioning .	7	worker
Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car , the trip to the shopping center may seem far easier than to the downtown department store , though both are the same distance from home .	15	worker
Shedding his prison cloak , Helion shot through the gates , now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a Flemish worker .	23	worker
The blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs $227.72 .	2	worker
The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm , was well trained , was considered a hard worker , was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a `` comer '' .	21	worker
Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts .	23	worker
A non-contributory plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he retires .	9	worker
It was a worker .	3	worker
The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first $4,800 of pay per year .	16	worker
Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time .	9	worker
Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .	16	worker
The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily .	1	worker
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ;	2	worker
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell .	5	men
It was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men .	17	men
Zing was the creation of two men , Louis Thor and Bill Blake , partners in zing ! !	6	men
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .	27	men
These men are considered managers of engineers .	1	men
He wasn't like so many other men .	6	men
There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks .	6	men
His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister , a modest Methodist , who said : `` I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and I would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think of self .	42	men
The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance , while the men were stern but hopeful .	23	men
His job simply consisted in registering new men .	7	men
a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century .	6	men
Public men come and go but great issues of policy remain .	1	men
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R. Giddings and Edwin M. Stanton , enlisted John Quincy Adams , and helped provide ideas which underlay Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin .	8	men
`` All men went away from here .	2	men
The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer , two of them calling him Billy .	1	men
Those three other great activities of the Persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches .	34	men
In the third Frank Robinson hammered a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center , about 400 feet away , with two men on .	28	men
Two men , together like us , we could do somethin fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been .	1	men
With the money all but in hand , however , the Administration indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President Kennedy had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 .	20	men
Men screamed .	0	men
Around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in twos and there is a glowing view of the whole city , in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi's fallen men , the ones who one day rushed out of the Porta San Pancrazio and , under fire all the way , up the long , straight narrow lane to take , then lose the high ground of the Villa Doria Pamphili .	38	men
The day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war .	11	men
In the remainder of his speech Davis spoke of his admiration for Brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they `` are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned '' .	37	men
they destroy such men with their damned tests .	3	men
No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men .	14	men
At the moment , the three men were not saying much of anything .	6	men
And are not the State Department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll ? ?	6	men
And a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to .	5	men
It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform .	6	men
`` We have tried to make both paths attractive , so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either .	13	men
Why had he crossed the dark water , to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole ? ?	15	soldiers
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury .	20	soldiers
Times Square , when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ) , was nearly impassable , the sidewalks swarming with celebrants , with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey .	49	soldiers
Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ;	12	soldiers
Promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line .	10	soldiers
Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured , and few soldiers could be spared as escorts .	11	soldiers
The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy , indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs .	2	soldiers
Nothing that is likely to happen , however , should prompt the sending of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions .	16	soldiers
With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens .	5	soldiers
Once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while Fogg revved the engine and got the tail up .	2	soldiers
With our company of soldiers , we made one long column of reddish dust .	4	soldiers
The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself .	1	soldiers
When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers .	23	soldiers
Hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; ;	10	soldiers
The attackers sent for more soldiers , and the defenders , to save bloodshed , surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors .	5	soldiers
The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people .	1	soldiers
Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper .	10	soldiers
Union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other inclement weather , and some of them left momentoes of their stay by carving their names and small tokens on its walls and beams .	1	soldiers
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages , who might be habitants , voyageurs , or even soldiers .	24	soldiers
On the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to dissuade the soldiers from their purpose .	14	soldiers
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack .	6	soldiers
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers .	34	soldiers
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home .	1	soldiers
The soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful rebellion , it is assumed : but will their discontent spread to the officer class ? ?	1	soldiers
Some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers .	7	soldiers
during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men .	6	soldiers
If this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .	19	soldiers
In later years Josephus Daniels was to claim that World War 1 , was the first in American history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers .	33	soldiers
The next week , forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants .	5	soldiers
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ?	10	soldiers
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children .	20	children
Had she forgotten she had signed the car away , that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children ? ?	20	children
Some even boast two pools , one for adults and one for children .	12	children
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith .	20	children
An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home .	21	children
The fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit .	28	children
Mr. and Mrs. Major Morris and their son-in-law and daughter , Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Glennon , and their children will spend several days in Brigantine , N. J. .	19	children
It helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the Bible .	2	children
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return .	2	children
The faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding , his wife and their two children .	13	children
He is married and the father of three children .	8	children
`` When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class .	18	children
A Yale historian , writing a few years ago in The Yale Review , said : `` We in New England have long since segregated our children '' .	26	children
Kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him .	10	children
It is apparent , therefore , that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children .	24	children
And Linda felt capable of capturing the affection of the children , anxious even , since she and Bobbie had had none of their own .	10	children
How many children did the King have ? ?	2	children
Thomas the elder married twice , had seventeen children , and died in 1615 .	8	children
Children differ widely in their emotional responses .	0	children
I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are .	13	children
Castaneda , et al revised the Taylor Anxiety Scale for use with children .	12	children
Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection .	0	children
Around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in twos and there is a glowing view of the whole city , in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi's fallen men , the ones who one day rushed out of the Porta San Pancrazio and , under fire all the way , up the long , straight narrow lane to take , then lose the high ground of the Villa Doria Pamphili .	8	children
The children can have their daytime naps and hot meals , and be put to bed on schedule in shade-darkened rooms .	1	children
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .	10	children
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .	29	children
Mrs. Oliver is mother of five children and wife of a machinist .	6	children
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .	27	children
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .	35	children
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .	72	children
The children are eating , and Miss Blackwell's on her way somewheres '' .	1	children
Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean .	4	children
It was a Negro section of peeling row houses , store-front churches and ragged children .	14	children
A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind .	25	wives
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives .	13	wives
Yet even in these marriages , psychologists say , wives are asserting themselves more strongly .	9	wives
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .	20	wives
`` Very few wives '' , says Dr. Calderone , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen , are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned .	3	wives
I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly .	25	wives
Not surprisingly , Dr. Ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities .	10	wives
Moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to Plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;	33	wives
A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' .	4	wives
A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' .	19	wives
Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were .	0	wives
Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives .	20	wives
There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right '' .	11	wives
A good deal of English was spoken on the beach , most educated Greeks learn it in childhood , and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen .	24	wives
Also , many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them .	4	wives
The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households , infant mortality , and migration .	42	wives
Yet , paradoxically , according to Dr. Maurice Linden , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them .	11	wives
Research , on the other hand , has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers .	22	mothers
For example , some unwed mothers had had no work experiences , household chores , and responsibilities during childhood and early adolescence ; ;	5	mothers
-- The statewide meeting of war mothers Tuesday in Salem will hear a greeting from Gov. Mark Hatfield .	6	mothers
For many of these unwed mothers , the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general .	5	mothers
For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' .	5	mothers
There are hordes of nubile young women there who , prodded by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry .	14	mothers
For almost two months , the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers , graybeards , adolescents , babies , starved , beaten to death , strangled , machine-gunned , gassed , burned .	20	mothers
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do .	9	mothers
Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home .	2	mothers
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather .	18	mothers
Our discussion of this involves using Erik Erikson's schema of `` identity vs. identity diffusion '' as a conceptual tool in superimposing a few common denominators onto the diverse personality and family configurations of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier .	36	mothers
On the other hand , some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age , and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative , that their work and responsibilities became dull and unrewarding burdens -- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior .	7	mothers
The attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in Chapter 2 , , revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty .	5	mothers
These polar extremes in time diffusion were indicated in some of the comments by unwed mothers reported in earlier chapters .	15	mothers
A gaggle of gabbling mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguard .	4	mothers
There are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school .	7	mothers
Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers .	22	mothers
`` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said .	15	mothers
`` Karipo was great goddess , told our mothers that men were not necessary except to father children '' , the crone told me .	8	mothers
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship .	6	mothers
`` We worry '' , say the mothers .	7	mothers
Our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson , but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers .	27	mothers
Some of these mothers , apparently feeling a desperate urgency , made , on the spur of the moment , commitments , in love and sex , that would have life-long consequences .	3	mothers
Kiwanis , American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support .	12	mothers
The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the same problem .	28	mothers
It is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are .	21	officers
Several police cars , loaded with armed officers , raced alongside , blazing away at the tires of the big jet .	7	officers
Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Line '' , officers of which were E. C. Orvis , president ; ;	11	officers
Actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; ;	3	officers
But they left behind them large numbers of officers , variously called `` volunteers '' or `` mercenaries '' , who now staff the army of Moise Tshombe in Katanga , the seceded province which , according to Tshombe , holds 65% of the mineral wealth of the entire country .	8	officers
Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers .	3	officers
A year after he was catapulted over nine officers senior to him and made commandant of the Marine Corps , General David M. Shoup delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a `` happy , warless New Year '' greeting to his Pentagon staff .	8	officers
Some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers .	16	officers
A Floridian stated that his officers were `` not fit to tote guts to a bear '' .	5	officers
Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left .	2	officers
if Tommy sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach .	15	officers
On July 20 , the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers .	24	officers
The bid from A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge , Mass. , which listed the same officers as Hughes , was $600 per joint .	16	officers
The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales '' .	26	officers
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons .	18	officers
On May 6th , Morgan , who had returned , received from Washington orders to `` send out patrols under vigilant officers '' to keep near the enemy .	21	officers
One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany .	4	officers
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .	6	officers
The primary consideration in the compilation of this list was convenience in discussing the questionnaire with company officers .	17	officers
These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .	35	officers
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related .	5	officers
Though Catherine was vexed at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard , there were several under her own , such as the Prince De Nassau ; ;	9	officers
Baker put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored .	18	officers
Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj .	0	officers
Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives , so should non-academic officers .	17	officers
The Armed Forces Epidemiological Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions , so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces .	44	officers
Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas .	8	officers
Cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position .	18	officers
The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .	10	officers
Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and would return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the British service '' .	35	officers
Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side .	0	doctors
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen .	47	doctors
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this .	1	doctors
No group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors .	12	doctors
Recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep massage of bruises , contusions , and simple bursitis .	2	doctors
`` Do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ?	16	doctors
During World War 2 , , doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact : despite the stresses of Nazi occupation , the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping .	6	doctors
More attendants , nurses and doctors should be hired .	5	doctors
From this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power .	2	doctors
Because the responsibility for resolving the issue lay with the President , rather than with his doctors , nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure .	16	doctors
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance .	10	doctors
People are giving their doctors a hard time .	4	doctors
After 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors .	18	doctors
But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away .	20	doctors
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors .	10	doctors
after all , the large ( and probably unreliable ) Reader's Digest literature on the `` most unforgettable character I ever met '' deals with village grocers , country doctors , favorite if illiterate aunts , and so forth .	29	doctors
In no other situation would a group of doctors , struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world , be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning , and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces .	8	doctors
In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .	14	doctors
The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world .	36	doctors
But the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man , rather than a group of men , whether a group of doctors , a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion , or the masses of the voters .	25	doctors
`` What is the point '' , Charles Adams reports the Pakistanis as asking , `` in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ?	30	doctors
The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger .	1	doctors
But the hospitals and doctors should be .	4	doctors
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' .	12	doctors
`` My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great '' .	2	doctors
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain .	1	doctors
You doctors are all alike -- all you want is to cut up people and what's the good ? ?	1	doctors
The grounds for the Church's position are Scriptural ( Old Testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law .	19	doctors
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors .	6	patients
Another patient , a paranoid woman , for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building , as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met .	20	patients
It was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward .	10	patients
He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died , reconditioning them , and selling them at $185 each .	20	patients
Tommy was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients .	18	patients
I'd had patients who'd refused surgery before , of course , but never one who didn't show , in one way or another , the reason why .	2	patients
It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ;	16	patients
Several dentists and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device .	3	patients
The excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame Lalaurie's stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital .	29	patients
It seemed incredible , as I listened to the monotonous drone of voices and smelled the fetid odors coming from the patients , that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois , going to a hospital for the mentally ill .	21	patients
The hospitals contain patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars .	3	patients
It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle .	14	patients
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ;	8	patients
Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients .	11	patients
Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .	51	patients
It makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the Lord's guidance while ministering to the physical needs of my patients .	25	patients
These registries are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance .	39	patients
Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients .	22	patients
Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients .	33	patients
Freeman , Cameron and McGhie , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained therein in itself is the prototypical condensation '' .	18	patients
`` Unfortunately '' , says Chief Postal Inspector David H. Stephens , who has prosecuted many device quacks , `` the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' .	38	patients
Of this number , 50% , or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever .	9	patients
`` most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14 , though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55 '' , says Dr. Brodie .	20	patients
`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishioners , psychiatrists and patients .	26	patients
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients '' .	10	patients
The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis , who were friends and patients of Norton , to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean .	18	patients
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting .	0	patients
In many cities in the United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee .	14	patients
But I don't believe we should close the door on non-service-connected patients .	11	patients
There were thirty-eight patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover , most of them disturbed and hallucinating .	3	patients
I never liked going straight into an examination with patients -- it relaxes them , I've always thought , to chat first .	9	patients
There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right '' .	9	husbands
In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest .	9	husbands
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives .	10	husbands
Also , many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them .	8	husbands
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them .	15	husbands
`` You are bound to get involved with people when you have children '' , Fran had told me at our first meeting , `` so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little housewives and dull husbands , but People Who Do Things '' .	46	husbands
Too many husbands , Dr. Schillinger continues , worry about `` how well they're doing '' , and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play .	2	husbands
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather .	20	husbands
Yet , paradoxically , according to Dr. Maurice Linden , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them .	14	husbands
The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were , to me at least , indistinguishable .	1	husbands
Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives .	9	husbands
Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were .	14	husbands
As for Adoniram , she found him to be `` the kindest '' of husbands .	14	husbands
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .	18	husbands
Two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial .	1	members
Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members .	12	members
Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration , the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes A Day , as being very helpful .	1	members
They hire a good deal of local labor , including two members of our Trustee Board .	11	members
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it .	5	members
After promoting Frost's appearance at the Inauguration , he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members , members of Congress , and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium .	27	members
After promoting Frost's appearance at the Inauguration , he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members , members of Congress , and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium .	29	members
The next step awaits approval today by the Metro commissioners as the members of the Dade County Port Authority .	12	members
The new Council was itself inescapably of political meaning , which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any U.N.F.P. members and the presence of several Istiqlal leaders .	21	members
The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 .	3	members
In general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .	9	members
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members .	9	members
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly .	2	members
Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .	10	members
In the same period , 431 presentations by members of the staff were made to local , national , and international medical groups .	8	members
`` We have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge '' , Mama announced , `` and three hundred and eighty Sunday-school scholars '' .	7	members
After it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone .	11	members
Members of the San Francisco American Friends Service , a Quaker organization , will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p.m. Saturday .	0	members
The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group .	21	members
There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane .	32	members
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register .	4	members
The decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds and hearts of the individual members .	21	members
They can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work .	9	members
It would hardly be an exaggeration to say that ninety per cent of the energy of most churches -- whether in terms of finance or spiritual concern -- is poured into the private and domestic interests of the members .	38	members
The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' .	41	members
The local `` family of God '' has failed its new members through neglect and unconcern for their spiritual welfare .	11	members
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together .	10	members
and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence .	2	members
Salinger said the work President Kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city .	10	members
Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .	23	members
Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed .	0	members
The company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors : advertising to attract new employees , hiring and training them , extra overtime , and defective work performed by the new workers .	17	employees
Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? ?	13	employees
Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile .	7	employees
This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .	8	employees
Both plans also prohibited common directors , officers , or employees between Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , on the one hand , and General Motors on the other .	10	employees
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business .	7	employees
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .	8	employees
`` Outside '' faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business .	18	employees
Currently , there are some 6000 companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic components .	19	employees
Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable .	9	employees
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls .	35	employees
During the pension year ended December 31 , 1960 , 23 employees retired , making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan .	11	employees
Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? ?	14	employees
Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ?	2	employees
They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home .	14	employees
In addition to direct salaries and wages , the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees :	23	employees
Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? ?	11	employees
Today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees .	10	employees
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees .	12	employees
Is your purchasing agent offering too much free-buying service for employees ? ?	10	employees
In addition , Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations .	8	employees
The Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over `` suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce '' .	23	employees
Had it not been for such private enterprise , diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees .	33	employees
A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers , supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions .	17	employees
Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment .	68	employees
Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience .	17	employees
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense .	4	employees
The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .	15	employees
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery , Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens , plus 120 Cuban employees ) .	61	employees
Which is more economical for your plant -- a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins ? ?	17	employees
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent .	16	kids
It seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many Negroes , comparatively , bought Cadillacs last year and how few , comparatively , were lynched ) , or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids ) .	72	kids
The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all .	35	kids
`` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ?	8	kids
And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity .	8	kids
The two kids were together a lot , they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled .	2	kids
She glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight .	24	kids
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about .	11	kids
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about .	36	kids
Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly , `` Look at those stupid kids '' .	16	kids
The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter `` simpleton '' instead of `` simplicitude '' .	9	kids
Boys no longer bothered learning to bunt and even school kids scorned to `` choke up '' on a bat as Willie Keeler and the famous hitters of another day had done .	10	kids
`` The high school kids have got everything sewed up '' , he said , a whine in his voice .	4	kids
Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden .	1	kids
`` You lucky kids '' , he said .	3	kids
But these kids weren't like him .	2	kids
The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25 , when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids .	23	kids
Of course , I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but I would want lots of Jewish kids there '' .	27	kids
They were a pair of lost , whipped kids , Morgan thought as he went to bed .	8	kids
It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults .	24	kids
And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home .	33	kids
Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year .	11	kids
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us .	9	kids
And then : `` There are lots of kids around here '' .	8	kids
`` Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ?	7	kids
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ;	9	kids
`` I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on .	12	kids
In the next moment , it seemed , the infield was crowded with spectators , ballplayers , cops , kids and a dog .	19	kids
At noontime , remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids , Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys , except Charles , went off out the road to play ball .	14	kids
He had an easy masculine grace about him , the kind that kids don't have , but that I had sometimes admired in other older men .	12	kids
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home .	25	kids
hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province .	24	sons
He was a Londoner , married , with three sons .	9	sons
The RAF was Britain's weapon of attrition , and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war .	17	sons
`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' .	46	sons
`` As many as received Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on his name '' .	18	sons
His father , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature .	14	sons
Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes .	10	sons
`` Do you mean to tell us '' , a reporter asked , `` that the King has twenty-one children , twenty-five of whom are sons '' ? ?	25	sons
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God ; ;	13	sons
Reprisals are not unheard of in such situations , but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its prodigal sons .	22	sons
And how many of these were sons ? ?	6	sons
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company .	5	sons
I had always thought of that lovable man as many years older than myself , although he was perhaps only twenty years older , and he confirmed my feeling , along with the feeling of both my sons , that teachers of the classics are invariably endearing .	37	sons
They enjoyed lemonade and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff .	13	sons
I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers' sons of them .	8	sons
Gladden's wife and two of his sons , John , 17 , and Jim , 13 , were inside the house .	6	sons
There lay Grand Fair's Quinzaine , his own young parents' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , grandsons .	19	sons
In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own .	12	sons
Whenever artists , indeed , turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures , which were rare down to 800 B.C. , they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6a , 9b ) ; ;	1	artists
While we , as American artists , believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity , we would be less than honest with you , or ourselves , if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole .	5	artists
President Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' .	20	artists
The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , Mr. Jenni's playing was too loud .	11	artists
In New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of non-figurative artists , including Alexander Calder , George K. L. Morris , De Kooning , Holty and a few others .	18	artists
One of these days , I'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that's being painted these days , from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism , and then you'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other .	42	artists
Unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , dramatists and musicians ) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways .	5	artists
It could be seen that both artists used a very thick final coat of plaster , one half inch , and that both followed the traditional Italian fresco technique as described by Cennino Cennini in the 14th Century , and current in Italy to this day .	6	artists
It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors .	30	artists
No matter what troubles might betide him , this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land .	12	artists
We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , acrobats , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities .	21	artists
The ninth century was in its artistic work `` the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future '' , and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated .	28	artists
The following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in Leningrad :	15	artists
She patronized Greenwich Village artists for awhile , then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful ( terrible , but successful ) .	4	artists
A preview party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8 .	11	artists
As artists , they were very similar .	1	artists
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance .	1	artists
We had looked forward to what we hoped to be our first informal meeting with a number of Moscow's artists .	19	artists
Lautner , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little poseurs '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` They will be destroyed '' .	14	artists
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction .	22	artists
Among the other artists , whose paintings were discussed were Boucher , Courbet , Fra Angelico .	3	artists
( `` Artists are always at a new frontier '' , she claims .	2	artists
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' could not be faulted on the choice of artists .	15	artists
In addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year , there are concerts by students of the music department , by members of the music faculty , and by visiting artists .	34	artists
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion ; ;	0	artists
And , besides , there are a large number of scholars , artists , composers of music , novelists , poets , essayists , choreographers , lawyers , servants of government , and men of affairs -- hundreds , indeed -- who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and gratis out of their experience .	12	artists
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived .	1	artists
Guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra , including violinists Yehudi Menuhin , Isaac Stern , Ruggiero Ricci and David Abel ; ;	12	artists
As a matter of fact , we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not presume to speak for all other American artists .	27	artists
As American artists , it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible .	2	artists
As American artists , it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible .	16	artists
-- The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children wishes to commend the recent announcement by the Catholic charities of the archdiocese of Chicago and DePaul University of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children .	41	teachers
Teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel .	0	teachers
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September .	41	teachers
The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ;	7	teachers
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses .	1	teachers
This does not necessarily mean that such teachers will favor vocational education , as contrasted with liberal education , but they are likely to favor an approach to liberal education which has a maximal vocational-advancement value , as against a kind of `` pure '' liberal education that is not designed to help people get better jobs .	7	teachers
The problem is not merely that more `` outside teachers '' are needed but that a different brand is called for .	9	teachers
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead .	3	teachers
We have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor , the majesterial Andrews Norton , by saying that , while he believed Jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' .	63	teachers
Observers , in the two school systems studied here , judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding , while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting .	12	teachers
In large cities like Baltimore , Louisville , and Washington , D.C. , should school desegregation be extended to all-Negro and all-white schools by assigning white and Negro teachers , respectively ? ?	28	teachers
Beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves .	15	teachers
The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers .	13	teachers
But his greatest achievement , in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers , was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces , and he was often called on to do so .	17	teachers
School teachers , all too unprepared for the job they must do , will need demonstrators .	1	teachers
She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee .	11	teachers
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers .	26	teachers
He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers .	61	teachers
Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching .	6	teachers
I am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country , the profession is grossly overpaid .	10	teachers
But though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order , some old grads feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the heady Hutchins era .	25	teachers
Next September , after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program , I will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers .	32	teachers
The government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools -- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused .	20	teachers
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects .	7	teachers
It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects .	36	teachers
Not simply a brief program when the schools are actually desegregated but a continuing program that also promotes integration , that encourages the children and teachers not to look at each other as white or Negro , but as human beings .	25	teachers
Competent teachers are well versed in the technique of leading students to pre-set conclusions without destroying the students' illusion that they are making their own decisions .	1	teachers
Their own experience in the social system influences their work and attitudes as teachers .	13	teachers
the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality .	7	teachers
Six of the science teachers were present , and we had great fun .	4	teachers
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure .	10	teachers
The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure .	14	teachers
The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from Du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions .	10	brothers
With four younger children at home , Lucy stepped into her mother's role , and even after the brothers and sisters were grown , she was her father's comfort and stay until he died in 1879 .	18	brothers
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers .	12	brothers
Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .	3	brothers
Survivors include two brothers , C. E. Killingsworth , Atlanta , and John Killingsworth , Warren , Ohio ; ;	3	brothers
Police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the Dresbachs .	6	brothers
The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug , placed the chamber pot beside her feet , and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice .	3	brothers
We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , Dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman .	7	brothers
Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes , and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $6,666.66 .	1	brothers
In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session .	3	brothers
When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John Palfrey , Gorham readily assented , vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him .	29	brothers
I'm going to become a good nurse , and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them '' .	13	brothers
The death of Harold A. Stevens , oldest of the Stevens brothers , famed operators of baseball , football and race track concessions , revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history .	11	brothers
Now that he knew himself to be self he was free to grok ever closer to his brothers , merge without let .	17	brothers
All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally -- brothers , living together -- and Angie --	22	brothers
He suggested that they call on these brothers , who received them pleasantly .	7	brothers
As for the night being warm , he would have been comfortable naked on Mount Everest but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure ; ;	19	brothers
They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado -- as , when his bodyguard , Yankee Schwartz , complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller , a prize-fight referee , chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were Hirschey , a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with Torrio and O'Banion , Frank , a policeman , and Max , the youngest .	40	brothers
Such ranchers as Coble and Clay and the Bosler brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown .	9	brothers
The brothers drove down together in Mark's small red sports car , Mark at the wheel .	1	brothers
Dickens suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of Pip's five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' .	24	brothers
Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call .	7	brothers
Those of us present , the Perry brothers , Deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the Somers .	7	brothers
The brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt .	1	brothers
two brothers , Charley and Aaron Cohn , San Francisco ; ;	1	brothers
It is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather .	22	brothers
and he , being the eldest , was supposed to be a priest , but he chose to do differently , and one of his brothers is to become the priest .	25	brothers
The Ramirez brothers were also along .	2	brothers
On the outskirts of the rabble the Camaret brothers and Gaspard Favre shook their fists .	8	brothers
Other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg , the wigmaker , and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading , German , and Danish in the informal curriculum .	1	brothers
Her parents , pious Roman Catholics , christened her Mary Anne Elizabeth Magdalene Steichen .	1	parents
Deppy is Despina Messinesi , a long-time member of the Vogue staff who , although born in Boston , was born there of Greek parents .	24	parents
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents .	2	parents
The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents .	26	parents
Through the swathings of terror , she jabbed deceit's sharp point -- Amy would be reborn , a new child , with new parents , living under new circumstances .	23	parents
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school ; ;	7	parents
He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father , no matter the subject .	12	parents
However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers .	24	parents
Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look , or the date you have after the Class , or you are just doing this to please the parents .	37	parents
By the time Lilian had been graduated from public school , her parents were doing quite well .	12	parents
Despite all this , the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else .	15	parents
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. Ferris M. Gay , 7034 Coronado .	0	parents
That is why Dr. Brodie asks parents not to insist , against their dentist's advice , that their child have orthodontic work done too early .	6	parents
She was born Lilian Steichen , her parents immigrants from Luxemburg .	7	parents
He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr. McKinley described as a `` celebration lunch '' at the cafeteria on the campus .	14	parents
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home .	0	parents
and they censured parents who `` never disciplined and were too permissive '' or who `` never explained how easy it was to get pregnant '' .	3	parents
It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you .	11	parents
It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you .	26	parents
his foster parents had taught him to see .	2	parents
During early childhood , children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than they are in the approval of other children ; ;	13	parents
Malocclusion , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for .	9	parents
For many of these unwed mothers , the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general .	28	parents
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;	19	parents
His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating .	1	parents
The school has received letters from parents asking , `` What happened to Johnny ? ?	6	parents
The parents compromised , however , on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy in London , Ontario .	1	parents
after coming to America , her parents had spoken only English .	6	parents
Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one .	27	parents
McFeeley greeted the parents , then studied his notebook .	3	parents
the child who had once considered it a treat to accompany his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore .	12	parents
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. America ; ;	14	parents
He or his deputy or one of their seven assistants , all full colonels , mans the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day .	13	colonels
`` Hell , plenty of guys get let out and come back later .	5	guys
he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under .	6	guys
he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under .	11	guys
It was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone .	9	guys
`` Some guys bothered me '' , Mercer has said .	2	guys
The leagues are full of guys like that '' .	5	guys
For example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences .	12	guys
For example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences .	18	guys
Tell your guys not to block the plate '' .	2	guys
`` No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret , but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you , you beautiful thing '' .	19	guys
You guys remember that .	1	guys
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it -- good guys and bad guys in the old West -- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's .	18	guys
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it -- good guys and bad guys in the old West -- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's .	21	guys
`` I'd like to know just which it is that those guys don't understand , the liquor or automobiles '' .	11	guys
But she'd known plenty of handsomer guys , and , conceding his good looks , what was there left ? ?	6	guys
`` I just got through seeing one of you guys .	9	guys
They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys .	13	guys
`` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it .	12	guys
`` Ekstrohm , Nogol , you guys okay '' ? ?	6	guys
They'll get the guys that done it .	3	guys
She came from Ohio , from what she called a `` small farm '' of two hundred acres , as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers .	25	farmers
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities .	1	farmers
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities .	11	farmers
`` Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale '' , says Jack Martin , who sells J. I. Case tractors and implements in Sioux City , Iowa .	1	farmers
Some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development .	2	farmers
Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous .	24	farmers
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended .	19	farmers
If , in Larkin's eyes , they are nothing but Piccadilly farmers , he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living .	11	farmers
The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month , reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July .	12	farmers
Brittany , that stone-gray mystery through which he traveled for thirty days , sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads , had worked some subtle change in him , he knew , and it was in Brittany that he had met Pierre .	18	farmers
But the farmers outsmarted Washington by shortening the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer .	2	farmers
Farmers spend more of their income on tractors and implements than on any other group of products .	0	farmers
The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall , and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation .	14	farmers
This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .	8	farmers
Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago , dealers report .	0	farmers
Day after day Fogg shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route , until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country .	17	farmers
If this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .	14	farmers
`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , Buchheister told the delegates .	8	farmers
Where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject to erosion , many farmers fail .	31	farmers
Farmers called their mule-drawn pickup trucks `` Hoover carts '' .	0	farmers
Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ) .	20	farmers
As a rule , part-time farmers hire little help .	5	farmers
Although the Administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934 , farmers , with the help of extra fertilizer and good weather , are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines .	14	farmers
Agriculture Department economists estimate the Government this year will hand farmers $1.4 billion in special subsidies and incentive payments , well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the $639 million of 1960 .	10	farmers
The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget .	1	farmers
The higher price supports provided by the new legislation , together with rising prices for farm products , are pushing up farm income , making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery .	28	farmers
Practically all the people of Laos , he explained -- about two million of them -- are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows .	18	farmers
Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders' empire .	35	farmers
Farmers , for these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 .	0	farmers
Pond water can be filtered for human use , but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble .	12	farmers
The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency .	21	farmers
The day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that `` the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists , lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself '' would be supported by the King himself .	12	citizens
As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation .	17	citizens
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .	14	citizens
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .	20	citizens
The welfare of citizens , old and young , is the responsibility of the community , not only of that part of it that rides the Aj .	3	citizens
Among current problems that require solutions , participated in by citizens as well as government , are :	10	citizens
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice .	40	citizens
Helva's civilization was not without busy , do-good associations , exploring possible inhumanities to terrestrial as well as extraterrestrial citizens .	19	citizens
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land .	42	citizens
Citizens of the United States who , on April 15 , are not in the United States or Puerto Rico , are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year .	0	citizens
Its building was first proposed in 1791 , when a group of citizens , mostly Newburyport men , petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation .	12	citizens
A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .	14	citizens
The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation .	5	citizens
In 1825 , the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers , who declared : `` It is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies '' .	33	citizens
Criminals , as well as model citizens , exercise their minds .	6	citizens
-- In Today's `` Voice '' , the CTA is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens .	16	citizens
He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and he observes that all `` these pantomimic gentlemen '' will be sent to another state .	4	citizens
The detective , commenting on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! !	16	citizens
Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city .	22	citizens
Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad .	11	citizens
While all citizens share in blame for lax municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools , law enforcement and fiscal policies .	2	citizens
If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens , Issue No. 6 may be moot .	12	citizens
Then , not many years later , the Un-American Activities Committee , under the leadership of Martin Dies , pilloried hundreds of decent , patriotic citizens .	25	citizens
With the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens .	22	citizens
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens .	13	citizens
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of april 29th to may 7th , 1961 , as Rhode Island Heritage Week , advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants , craft shops , museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week .	45	citizens
Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery , Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U.S. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the U.S. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U.S. citizens , plus 120 Cuban employees ) .	56	citizens
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .	52	citizens
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them .	13	citizens
All through The Republic , Plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens .	24	citizens
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .	12	citizens
Sydney Larson , a staff representative for the United Steel Workers , which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking , said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent .	16	workers
The company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors : advertising to attract new employees , hiring and training them , extra overtime , and defective work performed by the new workers .	34	workers
Thus , in the example cited above Fromm rests his whole case on the premise that the workers are being deprived unconsciously , unknowingly , of fulfillment , and then supports this with survey data reporting conscious , experienced frustrations .	17	workers
Simultaneously , males or drones are produced , mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers , although a few may be produced by the queen .	14	workers
Thomas Rotelli , head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service , Inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers .	28	workers
Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors .	8	workers
Many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles , a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly extrapolated to meteoritic velocities .	1	workers
Leavitt , as he entered the jury room , said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to Stein for `` labor consultant work '' with five unions which organized Leavitt's workers .	37	workers
It's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods .	7	workers
Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here .	5	workers
In addition , disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill .	6	workers
If some future Khrushchev decided to rake up the misdeeds of his revered predecessor , would not the factory workers pass the same resolutions applauding his dispossession ? ?	19	workers
For example , early in my life , when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers , he didn't just ask questions .	13	workers
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute .	6	workers
in the second study , the percentages were 86 for professionals , 74 for managerial persons , 42 for commercial employees , 56 for skilled workers , and 48 for semi-skilled workers .	25	workers
in the second study , the percentages were 86 for professionals , 74 for managerial persons , 42 for commercial employees , 56 for skilled workers , and 48 for semi-skilled workers .	31	workers
Among the highest-paid workers in the world are U.S. coal miners .	3	workers
Under that order , we have continued referring workers to the ranch .	8	workers
Recognition of Prisoners Union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a sawed-off bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant .	13	workers
They are all suburban plants , relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers .	15	workers
A number of semiempirical estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the Af bond becomes symmetric when the Af bond length is about 2.4 to 2.5 A , but aside from the possible example of nickel dimethylglyoxime there have been no convincing reports of symmetric Af bonds .	7	workers
He concludes that these data show a `` remarkably high '' percentage of consciously dissatisfied and unhappy persons among factory and clerical workers .	22	workers
We found that a labor dispute existed , and that the workers had left their jobs , which were then vacant because of the dispute .	11	workers
He has his cake and eats it too : if the workers say they are dissatisfied , this shows conscious alienation ; ;	11	workers
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .	26	workers
that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals .	21	workers
A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided .	6	workers
Oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot .	1	workers
Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .	15	workers
They run their show their way -- the Universe has variety , something for everybody -- a fact you field workers often miss '' .	20	workers
The Government will help in transferring companies and workers into new lines , where modernization doesn't seem feasible .	8	workers
