and in that brief interval , a redcoat officer came tearing down the road , whipping his horse fit to kill .	17	horse
Dean resisted Mike's attempt to push him toward the horse .	9	horse
Say he is a horse thief '' , runs an old adage .	4	horse
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse .	7	horse
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what Ulyate saw : Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .	69	horse
there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now , it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen .	21	horse
The horse plodded on , and he repeated his call .	1	horse
A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault .	21	horse
Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's .	27	horse
Very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding , edging closer , watching for a chance to throw , but ready to spin and run , rope whining about his head , horse edging tensely under him , but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion .	32	horse
It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle .	4	horse
`` That's the General's horse '' , one of them cried out .	4	horse
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding .	2	horse
He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear .	5	horse
I once trained a horse for Hoot Gibson , but nothing like Sparky .	4	horse
I'm with the Bar-H , pushing a horse called Sparky .	7	horse
Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins .	7	horse
When the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted , with his horse pressed broadside against Cleburne's log parapet in a tangled group of infantrymen .	15	horse
Thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness , fighting , malicious gossip , lying , cheating , sexual irregularities , gambling , horse racing , and failure to pay just debts .	30	horse
And when they had drawn back a step he added : `` Jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her .	17	horse
He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry .	12	horse
The redcoat officer collapsed like a punctured bolster , and the horse reared and threw him from the saddle , except that one booted foot caught in the stirrup .	11	horse
The horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowned .	1	horse
`` The road's washed badly '' , said Dill , `` but there's a trail you can get over with a horse .	21	horse
One day , the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse .	13	horse
Ruger reports that on his recent African safari the little Magnum cartridge was a real work horse .	16	horse
He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back .	20	horse
Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse .	21	horse
Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ?	16	horse
The reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the TUC horse , and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself , and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race , her hair standing straight out .	12	horse
In addition , would not the young female public of Washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a leash ? ?	32	dog
Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .	2	dog
In addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog .	37	dog
It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog .	10	dog
Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat ( Miller , '13 ; ;	43	dog
Either a nervous dog because you are livid with rage -- a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better stop ! !	3	dog
Harold , with brothers Frank , Joe and William , took over at the death of their father , Harry M. Stevens , who put a few dollars into a baseball program , introduced the `` hot dog '' and paved the way for creation of a catering empire .	37	dog
Top dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff .	1	dog
Kahler continued : `` I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore , so I expected him to come barging in '' .	7	dog
This dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3 .	1	dog
another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' .	4	dog
Top dog .	1	dog
Mrs. Knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care .	7	dog
Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient ? ?	8	dog
or `` Carmine Theater , 1912 '' , the only canvas with an ash can ( and foraging dog ) , although Sloan was a member of the famous `` Eight '' , and of the so-called `` Ash-Can School '' , a term he resented .	18	dog
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do .	4	dog
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do .	17	dog
`` Why put such a high value on being top dog '' ? ?	10	dog
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .	40	dog
I can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting .	20	dog
Stevie yearned for a dog .	4	dog
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance .	9	dog
This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man .	6	dog
type 2 , , by the dog , cat , and monkey ; ;	6	dog
The industry has been its own watch dog .	7	dog
and , in contrast , are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van Allen and Lindskog , '31 ) .	18	dog
By recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world , all will be helping to create future dog owners .	9	dog
By recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world , all will be helping to create future dog owners .	19	dog
Aids sounds more like a Pony Club , or horsemanship classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar ! !	18	dog
`` The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce .	25	dog
The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog .	18	dog
That dog has to go '' .	1	dog
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired .	13	bird
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird .	12	bird
The handsome bird was solitary ; ;	2	bird
Stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , flitting from one abandoned nest to another , searching for a home .	14	bird
It was Giselle , the fille de chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird .	53	bird
She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight .	14	bird
Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe , lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive .	25	bird
their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) .	17	bird
He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood gush into Michelangelo's injured eye .	6	bird
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life .	18	bird
An animal , bird or insect creates either a burrow , or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie .	3	bird
As a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the Amazon , he had collected specimens for Mexican museums , and he had taken to the London zoo a live quetzal , the sacred bird of the old Mayans .	36	bird
By comparison , Stone Harbor bird sanctuary's allies seem less formidable , for aside from the Audubon Society , they are mostly the snowy , common and cattle egrets and the Louisiana , green , little blue and black-crowned herons who nest and feed there .	5	bird
like an ominous bird a-wing '' , or `` wrings with wrong '' , or would describe a winter sun as `` God-curst '' .	3	bird
The events of the last quarter of an hour , mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard , had overcome the doctor's hen and she gave out a series of cackly wails , perhaps mourning her nest , but briefly enjoyed .	13	bird
In open class poultry , Donald Wacklin of Sherwood had the champion male and female bird and grand champion bird .	15	bird
In open class poultry , Donald Wacklin of Sherwood had the champion male and female bird and grand champion bird .	19	bird
On a thrusting spray thick with thorns and dewdrops and swelling pink buds , like a summer Valentine , a bird balanced and sang , nondescriptly brown and alive with its own music , a little engine of song .	20	bird
Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a woodpecker ; ;	16	bird
Walking along the lake before breakfast , Mr. Podger had seen the feather , and the bird that had lost it in flight .	16	bird
Now the Stone Harbor bird sanctuary , 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic herons , is threatened , but the battlefront extends far beyond our state .	4	bird
The ungainly bird thing ran away , and to David its croaking sounded like the crowing of a tormented rooster .	2	bird
The thin gray figures raised a hoarse , cawing cry like the call of a bird flock .	15	bird
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake .	3	bird
and the eagle , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces .	7	bird
Some members of the bee family have become idlers , social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives .	4	bee
a marvelous arrangement , for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed .	10	bee
The life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of Andrena , but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer , and the individuals hibernate in the prepupal stage .	6	bee
Although Andrena is gregarious , so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together , we must still call it a solitary bee .	24	bee
One of my favorites is A. armata , a species very common in England , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee .	24	bee
Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face .	16	bee
Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings .	15	bee
The name `` alkali bee '' indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places .	4	bee
Often the burrows are only an inch or two apart , and the bee cities cover several acres .	13	bee
After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly .	45	bee
I'm sorry , I thought to the snake , for you were beautiful .	7	snake
every snake hide is noticeably longer than its carcass and intentional stretching presents no difficulty to the unscrupulous explorer .	1	snake
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake .	61	snake
He heard their chattering , and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes .	15	snake
I can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting .	29	snake
I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time .	5	snake
The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .	38	snake
Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all .	6	snake
I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth , and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway , and when I looked again down the furrow , the snake was there .	51	snake
Judge Black , the vegetarian black snake ; ;	6	snake
Then she jumped to her feet , the elastic phone cord uncoiling like a black snake .	15	snake
I felt good and satisfied , looking at the snake .	9	snake
She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom .	32	snake
She munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green , somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck .	29	snake
The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further .	1	snake
William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces ( this snake must have been emaciated ) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana .	10	snake
And then it moved a little more , and I knew the snake was dying , and I would have to kill it there .	12	snake
Oh , he was being queer and careful , pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm .	20	snake
Felix Kopstein states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length '' , but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity .	7	snake
`` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' .	9	snake
The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman .	4	snake
She was sitting on the edge of the bed again , back in the same position where the snake had found her .	18	snake
`` This snake was very beautiful .	2	snake
You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake .	16	snake
`` It's a big snake , isn't it '' ? ?	4	snake
I pulled the throttle of the tractor in and out , hoping to frighten him with the noise , but the snake only flicked its black , forked tongue and faced the huge tractor wheel , without fright or concern .	21	snake
My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again , and its tongue was working very rapidly .	5	snake
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful .	28	snake
`` It's an ugly , terrible snake '' , he said .	6	snake
I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick .	20	snake
For four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage .	7	anaconda
William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces ( this snake must have been emaciated ) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana .	25	anaconda
Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces .	4	anaconda
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes , and has come to these conclusions : the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet , the reticulate python 33 , the African rock python 25 , the amethystine python at least 22 , the Indian python 20 , and the boa constrictor 18-1/2 .	20	anaconda
The most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern Colombia by Roberto Lamon , a petroleum geologist of the Richmond Oil Company , and reported in 1944 by Emmett R. Dunn .	7	anaconda
There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) .	28	anaconda
Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data .	6	anaconda
Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length .	39	anaconda
The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment , but the reason for this is not clear ; ;	1	anaconda
Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda .	11	anaconda
Bernard Heuvelmans also treats of the largest snakes , but on the third level , and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda .	21	anaconda
There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python .	12	anaconda
There is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water -- there was no milk -- which it lapped up as though it were nectar .	14	cat
Soon the child , the dog , the cat and even the cheese , all joined them out there in the circle .	8	cat
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan .	20	cat
Stilts , a more direct cat , leaped from the bed and trotted briskly toward the kitchen .	5	cat
Stilts and Shadow , on Pam's bed , appeared to be one cat -- rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails .	12	cat
Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat ( Miller , '13 ; ;	45	cat
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant ? ?	3	cat
This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man .	8	cat
Alacrity , the Podger cat , came by the hammock , rubbed her back briefly against it , and then , sure of a welcome , hopped up .	4	cat
type 2 , , by the dog , cat , and monkey ; ;	8	cat
she wouldn't run like a scared cat .	6	cat
Then one day Dick's classmate Jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag .	13	cat
But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching .	6	cat
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever .	26	cat
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder .	10	cat
Springing like a cat , he leaped back , swooped up the spring gun and , whirling , pointed it toward the cabin .	3	cat
`` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the falcon to protect the dove ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' .	6	cat
This restaurant , too , had a cat , a dusty , thin little creature .	7	cat
His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ;	17	cat
His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ;	20	cat
It is natural from the marksman's viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success , but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse .	30	mouse
In attempting to improve specificity of staining , the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways : ( 1 ) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders ( Coons , 1958 ) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by Agrobacterium tumefaciens ( E. F. Smith & Townsend ) on sweet clover stems .	48	mouse
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates .	20	mouse
Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close .	0	mouse
We classify mice as `` straight-haired '' or `` wavy-haired '' , but a hairless mouse appears .	15	mouse
In the examples above , the occurrence of a bull's-eye , a straight-haired mouse , or an ace could be called a `` success '' .	13	mouse
Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a woodpecker ; ;	12	mouse
He turned around , saw nothing , and decided it must be a mouse .	13	mouse
Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining .	31	mouse
At the edge of the field , the wild rolling land took over , dotted with fat round bushes like sheep .	20	sheep
The sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh '' .	4	sheep
To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily .	6	sheep
She told the sheep , ' The world is coming to an end ' ! !	3	sheep
And the sheep said -- all in unison , I have no doubt -- ba-a-a ! !	2	sheep
Knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef , dairy , and sheep men .	30	sheep
Janet Jossy of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4-H sheep showman contest .	12	sheep
To include in feed , add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily .	14	sheep
Type 1 , is represented by the cow , sheep , and pig ; ;	9	sheep
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained .	5	sheep
He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock , a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer .	22	sheep
In time , these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce , riddling you with frambesia , the king's evil , sheep rot , and clonic spasm , until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release .	20	sheep
`` I went to the city And there I did Weep , Men a-crowing like asses , And living like sheep .	20	sheep
`` Do you remember the woman in the French Alps who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously ? ?	16	sheep
This article assumes that the rations you are feeding your beef , dairy cattle , and sheep are adequately balanced with protein , vitamins , and minerals .	16	sheep
An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours .	6	sheep
People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia , New Zealand , and Argentina , where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle , and the consumption of meat is high .	21	sheep
Now , roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames , the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep , not knowing what to do .	27	sheep
In addition to other treatments , treating the sections with normal sheep serum for half an hour before layering Af did not reduce nonspecific staining .	11	sheep
Not always , though , does the development of a bumblebee colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described .	10	bumblebee
As befits a queen , a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place .	6	bumblebee
Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong .	21	fish
So she brought the fish in whole , and she carried a lemon in her mouth .	4	fish
No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared .	3	fish
There was a gabble of voices from indoors , young hungry sounds like cats after fish , and a burst of swearing from the old man .	15	fish
The fish took the bait .	1	fish
their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) .	15	fish
Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick .	41	fish
Mynheer , Sir Francis , the valley society , the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks , and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road .	24	fish
The fish hawk , his wings not moving , circled and glided lower .	1	fish
the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms , raised to the surface by the disturbance .	1	fish
Also , salt water fish is on the table once a week .	4	fish
The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight .	1	fish
He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin '' .	9	fish
But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention .	25	fish
Japan , she said , smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ;	11	fish
Japan , she said , smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ;	18	fish
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant ? ?	8	fish
Fishing interest calls for a check of the species found , quantity and size , the season they are available , and the stocking program of the fish commission .	27	fish
New York lay bleaching in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island .	12	fish
The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment .	16	fish
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest .	1	fish
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good .	23	fish
then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup .	8	fish
Other factors , such as water temperature , depth of water , the fish life it supports , wave action , flooding , etcetera , will affect its recreation value .	13	fish
Sometimes the fish exploded as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure .	2	fish
Reefs are left high and dry , and the beaches are covered with stranded fish .	14	fish
There true yachtsmen often find November winds steadier , the waters cooler , the fish hungrier , and rivers more pleasant -- less turbulence and mud , and fewer floating logs .	14	fish
We had walked it many times and shivered , figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the French .	12	fish
`` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' .	4	fish
or who ingested strange objects , like live fish ; ;	8	fish
Planes made her feel faint , and in Tokyo , where she had gone that summer , she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home .	22	fish
Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the storehouse .	3	chicken
Eyes swerved in the patronne's head , Alex coughed loudly , and the doctor , with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him , took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps .	19	chicken
A chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew .	1	chicken
`` Tee-wah '' , the driver cackled , his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing .	15	chicken
Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver , tongue and heart are planned once a week .	6	chicken
Radiopasteurization has also been successful , and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product .	11	chicken
he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire .	27	chicken
`` Chicken '' , Mose said .	1	chicken
Walking was the remedy , they decided , but a deck full of chicken coops and pigpens was hardly suitable .	13	chicken
`` Gre't big fat chicken , yeah '' .	4	chicken
`` Chicken '' , Mose said , and theatrically licked his lips .	1	chicken
But it was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing , which half covered the truck cab's glassless rear window .	9	chicken
A bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head , tearing a hole two-inches square on the outgoing side .	12	chicken
There was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself .	5	chicken
Add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts .	17	chicken
I made a lemon sponge , a light dessert , roasted a chicken , parboiled some frozen vegetables , so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend .	12	chicken
Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound .	23	chicken
Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound .	67	chicken
`` This one is a tender chicken , oui ? ?	6	chicken
Sprinkle over top of chicken breasts .	4	chicken
`` Don't think Linda couldn't have got John back any time , if she'd tried '' , Mousie Gordon , who had been Mousie Chandler , said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont .	31	chicken
`` Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor -- he's always been a good cook -- and I'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' .	6	chicken
`` Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor -- he's always been a good cook -- and I'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' .	26	chicken
Acceptable taste and odor are retained by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken .	11	chicken
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .	26	chicken
`` Come on , there's some cold chicken and we'll see what else '' .	7	chicken
Latter domain , under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish , stuffed shrimp .	18	chicken
`` Miss Sarah , I can't cut up no chicken .	9	chicken
Thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake , building a chicken coop , or producing a book , to founding a business , creating a League of Nations or , developing a mature character .	14	chicken
For it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill .	9	chicken
She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy , and that Koussevitzky's second cousin was an intimate of theirs .	17	chicken
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest .	3	chicken
Charles Reynolds of Pumpkin Ridge was rabbit showmanship champion .	6	rabbit
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .	7	rabbit
Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered .	18	rabbit
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .	25	rabbit
When we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing , we presumably make it with some feeling ; ;	5	rabbit
Still , it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world .	12	rabbit
but unfortunately the rabbit , on no grounds at all , took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time , and in the only intelligible sense , bad .	3	rabbit
A rabbit punch redoubled him .	1	rabbit
In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a finger .	18	rabbit
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use .	4	rabbit
The pain of the rabbit was not itself bad ; ;	4	rabbit
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .	15	monkey
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .	19	monkey
type 2 , , by the dog , cat , and monkey ; ;	11	monkey
One day I tired of following the Hetman's advice of `` shadowing '' and of the `` ring-around-the-rosie '' approach to a report that Enrico Caruso had pinched a lady's hip while visiting the Central Park monkey house .	36	monkey
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse .	18	monkey
A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey A and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges .	8	monkey
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 .	8	monkey
This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man .	10	monkey
He held his long clenched foot in both hands , and this and his contorted face -- he was trying heroically not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey .	34	monkey
To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted .	3	insect
Insect infestation is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain .	0	insect
Mr. Clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields , but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future .	21	insect
All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity , if it is only to reproduce a form like their own .	8	insect
Insect bites were cured in many ways .	0	insect
It may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene , but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around .	18	insect
The Australian and I both were wearing insect repellent and were not badly bothered by insects , but my eyes watered as we stood watching the aborigine .	7	insect
In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period .	9	insect
In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period .	32	insect
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .	43	insect
An animal , bird or insect creates either a burrow , or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie .	5	insect
It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life .	21	insect
Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving .	117	insect
Yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings ; ;	8	insect
Honest , kitten , that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much '' .	2	kitten
`` I will , kitten '' ! !	4	kitten
But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk '' .	29	kitten
Traveling through the South -- over 16,000 miles -- with two Great Danes , an Afghan , and a Persian kitten , we've worked up a regular routine for acceptance at motels .	20	kitten
After they had finished eating , Melissa took Sprite the kitten under her arm -- `` so that Auntie Grace can teach it about the whistle '' -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother .	10	kitten
Wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes , and grunted derision when they didn't consider such game worthy of a shot from the .	7	pig
What a spectacle he was , caked with dirt and sweat and blood , filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian , kissing the finest , the sweetest , the bravest , and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world .	17	pig
`` Come sit '' , he repeated , motioning to the piled hay bags , over the pig leavings .	17	pig
Pierre Ameaux , the gaming-card manufacturer said , his little pig eyes glaring .	10	pig
While I'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig , hear ? ?	10	pig
Feathertop interrupted , standing up , brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants .	8	pig
Caring for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work .	6	pig
Type 1 , is represented by the cow , sheep , and pig ; ;	12	pig
The fire ant is thought to infest approximately two million acres of land in Georgia , attacking crops , young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are allergic to its venom , Blasingame said .	2	ant
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby .	13	ant
Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target , the fire ant .	22	ant
Ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing .	0	ant
I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their skulls .	11	ant
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest .	8	ant
Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and Eben Jackson summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen .	17	oxen
Of all their worldly belongings , next to the oxen and his gun , the seed grain had been the most treasured .	9	oxen
The oxen might as well enjoy it .	1	oxen
Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen .	17	oxen
It fell , February 6 , 1827 , carrying with it a horse and wagon , two men and four oxen .	20	oxen
The horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowned .	9	oxen
And goaded the oxen as he yelled .	3	oxen
Besides , 'tain't no more'n right for me to follow with my black oxen , so's I can unhook and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch '' .	13	oxen
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored .	6	oxen
For three days , their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea .	6	oxen
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot , and the Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck , kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency ; ;	1	antelope
`` Say , did you know they're fixing to have a two-day antelope season on the Double J '' ? ?	12	antelope
`` Why , I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak ; ;	10	antelope
She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for supper , and all they did was talk about antelope .	32	antelope
`` Cook a whole antelope '' ? ?	4	antelope
He was talking about antelope again when they woke up .	4	antelope
`` Listen , I never had a chance to kill an antelope .	11	antelope
The artist looks at an ankle , a calf , a bosom and , in his mind's eye , the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is .	8	calf
To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical , for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people .	17	calf
She was the John Harvey , one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force , to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943 .	41	calf
the calf was magnificent , the ankle perfect .	1	calf
A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didn't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it ? ?	31	calf
They were sitting on their heels , rider-fashion , over by the still empty calf wagon .	14	calf
She had raised a calf , grown it beef-fat .	4	calf
Caring for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work .	3	calf
Getting the boss rattlesnake to help you '' ? ?	3	rattlesnake
`` What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag ? ?	7	rattlesnake
Other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old , and that the young may be born every other year , rather than annually .	12	rattlesnake
It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage .	11	goat
It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates , faces alight , holding hands and talking happily as they come along , oblivious of him , or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances , such as they would give a tethered goat .	49	goat
As the Sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them .	3	goat
`` Christ sake , goat , git '' ! !	4	goat
But the goat would not .	2	goat
The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks .	25	goat
From now on , his was going to be a man's world : the North Woods , duck blinds at dawning , beer and poker and male secretaries .	17	duck
Just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board .	5	duck
But even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat , sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex .	10	rat
He's quite a rat , you know .	3	rat
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat .	17	rat
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .	22	rat
A brisk , amusing man , apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind , Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls -- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about `` a young rat named Arthur , who never could make up his mind '' .	49	rat
Not long ago an acquaintance , a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city , stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks .	9	rat
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses .	25	horses
They walked the horses , heading along the river , Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead , seven men riding quietly through the night .	3	horses
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them .	25	horses
He , with fifteen or twenty horses or mares or geldings or what-nots out there in the barn , was reverent only of `` the Mare '' , `` the Racin' Mare '' , the revolting Gunny .	6	horses
The horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins .	1	horses
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired .	1	horses
No doubt there would be men guarding the horses .	8	horses
The clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow .	28	horses
He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there .	8	horses
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place .	5	horses
They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of campfire smoke , of horses and cattle .	25	horses
There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouch's buckskin .	3	horses
For the aged horses : Mr. Budlong , p , 2:00.2 , Lottie Thomas , p , 2:04.2 , Mighty Signal 2:03 , Clever Braden , p , 2:01.1 , and Glow Star , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ;	3	horses
Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men , war shields , lances , blankets and wounded and dead horses .	26	horses
`` Dean and myself will try to cut out horses to ride '' , he said .	9	horses
When the automobile was in its embryonic stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .	23	horses
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance .	42	horses
They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels , drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men .	3	horses
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers .	2	horses
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires .	23	horses
Heavy-coated , severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses along the curbside to prevent the revellers from spilling out in front of the crawling traffic .	7	horses
They raced and maneuvered for war , swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry .	9	horses
The wind of their running was cold and wild , the horses were lathered and their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind .	11	horses
The two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon , crying their intelligence .	5	horses
Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses .	11	horses
I'll stampede the rest of these horses so they can't chase you '' .	6	horses
On Sundays he would walk miles into the campagna to visit with them , and in particular to see their horses .	20	horses
`` We'll grab horses '' , Dean said .	3	horses
They tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion , but these didn't .	3	horses
`` I'm going to walk up to the horses , bold as brass , pretending I'm one of the guerrillas .	8	horses
Under normal circumstances , he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm , with great appeal for young ladies , old ladies , and dogs .	23	dogs
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar .	3	dogs
His signal was for the other dogs to come running , but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out .	6	dogs
Ice baths , electric shocks , lashings , wild dogs , testicle crushers .	9	dogs
I would like to suggest that the landlords and Commissioners get together and consider liberalizing the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments .	19	dogs
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark .	1	dogs
) She snarled terribly but intuition told him , again , that she was bluffing , and he could see that half her attention was distracted by the dogs .	28	dogs
But to get back to the Coolidge household , Mrs. Coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- Calamity Jane , Timmy , and Blackberry .	14	dogs
But to get back to the Coolidge household , Mrs. Coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- Calamity Jane , Timmy , and Blackberry .	22	dogs
and hip dysplasia in dogs .	4	dogs
Now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture .	11	dogs
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ?	1	dogs
`` That's the Colonel '' , he said , `` But I can't see the dogs '' .	15	dogs
Jones came toward them fast , now , along the southern toe of the Reef , and the dogs could be heard plainly , Old John with his Grand Canyon voice outstanding above the others .	18	dogs
Or the bay of female dogs in heat .	5	dogs
After the judge moved all the dogs individually , she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring .	6	dogs
`` A pack of dogs makes less noise '' ! !	4	dogs
I have known Papa to exclaim on getting his tax bill , `` we're going to the dogs '' ! !	17	dogs
The dogs on the other ends of these locking bars are thus forced into notches in other tappets .	1	dogs
Many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children .	20	dogs
In reply , Deputy Police Commissioner Howard R. Leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees .	22	dogs
All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room .	2	dogs
Apparently , however , Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats , and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study ( Loosli , '38 ) .	12	dogs
Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed .	16	dogs
I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener : she was too indulgent a lover of dogs and grandchildren .	18	dogs
Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs .	7	dogs
But without waiting for them to try it , she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the plain .	12	dogs
As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .	12	dogs
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what Ulyate saw : Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .	13	dogs
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what Ulyate saw : Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .	96	dogs
In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides , and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called `` dogs '' .	25	dogs
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance .	38	dogs
In the jungle , birds were mute , while insects preserved only the monotony of living .	4	birds
The rows of animals and birds , in particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes , transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek .	5	birds
She fell asleep leaning on her hand , hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years , hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm .	31	birds
They've got a big vulture from Tanganika at the zoo here , with a wife for him , too , very rare birds , both of them , the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa .	22	birds
`` Melodious birds sing madrigals '' saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined .	2	birds
For a moment , her mind returned again to the strange , flying world of birds , and she said to herself .	15	birds
The grave , about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church , rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green , the sounds of birds , the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests .	33	birds
The combination of thin pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds , right now ! !	16	birds
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds .	9	birds
One means to help the birds occurs to me : Let the chimes that ring over Washington Square twice daily , discontinue any piece of music but one .	5	birds
Underneath the big one , in the silent moonlight , lay a dead pigeon , and on the smaller bell , the Clemence , two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air .	28	birds
The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf .	1	birds
To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds .	22	birds
Dead fledgling birds , their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags .	2	birds
her great love of flowers and plants and birds ; ;	8	birds
We will know , and He will know , to whom it is rendered , what the birds would ask :	17	birds
The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This square .	3	birds
One of the local callers , a retired brigadier apparently left over from Kipling's tales of India , does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds .	27	birds
In fact , he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador .	7	birds
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish .	6	birds
He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by , he would mew at it in friendly fashion .	4	birds
Buchheister pledged the land would be an `` inviolate '' sanctuary for all birds , animals and plants .	13	birds
His hands , which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds , were now neither active nor really relaxed .	13	birds
The market was not far and , once there , the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him .	27	birds
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life .	12	birds
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds .	13	birds
There were fantastic flowers without perfume , and gaudy birds without song .	9	birds
Birds chirped and chattered in the trees and the sun , all dewy-eyed and soft , caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time .	0	birds
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers , of course ; ;	5	birds
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees .	19	birds
He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk .	26	bees
The blooms of Ribes and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble : honeybees , bumblebees , and other wild bees , and also various kinds of flies .	30	bees
But suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them .	12	bees
there are other wild bees that command our attention .	4	bees
Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees .	10	bees
Apart from the honeybee , practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor .	7	bees
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ;	3	bees
The only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites .	7	bees
It is almost certain that some of these , usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees , are andrenas or mining bees .	21	bees
This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington , but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August , when the bees are in their most active period .	32	bees
After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying .	23	bees
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ;	19	bees
The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist ; ;	5	bees
Yet if he were not there , they would have missed him , as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ;	21	bees
After all , social life in the group of the bees is by no means general , although it certainly is a striking feature .	10	bees
he was working with species of Java , so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect .	12	snakes
The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .	4	snakes
Oliver , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers , which I shall consider separately .	10	snakes
`` Nobody likes snakes '' .	3	snakes
`` You know there are no poisonous snakes in this area .	7	snakes
However , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; ;	14	snakes
It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity , but this apparently is an overestimation .	7	snakes
`` Snakes are ugly '' , he said again .	1	snakes
I had killed snakes before , when I was younger , but there had been no animal like this one , and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die .	3	snakes
Carpenter's study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two .	9	snakes
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful .	4	snakes
Many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length .	7	snakes
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts .	19	snakes
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts .	22	snakes
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies .	1	snakes
In 1948 , Afranio Do Amaral , the noted Brazilian herpetologist , wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes .	19	snakes
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road .	14	snakes
`` Snakes are ugly and bad '' .	1	snakes
It is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity ; ;	10	snakes
Bernard Heuvelmans also treats of the largest snakes , but on the third level , and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda .	7	snakes
`` Snakes are ugly and bad , and it might have bitten somebody , and they would have died '' .	1	snakes
The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards ; ;	15	snakes
The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards ; ;	18	snakes
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes , and has come to these conclusions : the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet , the reticulate python 33 , the African rock python 25 , the amethystine python at least 22 , the Indian python 20 , and the boa constrictor 18-1/2 .	10	snakes
`` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' .	11	snakes
Laurence M. Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and Charles C. Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults .	27	snakes
Lawrence E. Griffin gives measurements of nineteen young anacondas , presumably members of a brood , from `` South America '' ; ;	8	anacondas
It is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate .	8	anacondas
He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found , some might be 38 , and occasional `` monstrous freaks '' over 50 .	4	anacondas
It is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to subspecies limited to a small area .	6	anacondas
They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together .	5	cats
Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door .	10	cats
Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door .	16	cats
More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies .	36	cats
It is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of domesticity , for like cats they are determined not to tame their sexual energy .	20	cats
He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by , he would mew at it in friendly fashion .	7	cats
`` A lot of people are so peculiar that they don't like cats , it's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! !	12	cats
When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins .	2	cats
Stilts and Shadow , on Pam's bed , appeared to be one cat -- rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails .	19	cats
Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ;	19	cats
the pets were a couple of Siamese cats .	7	cats
Apparently , however , Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats , and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study ( Loosli , '38 ) .	14	cats
Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick .	22	cats
There was a gabble of voices from indoors , young hungry sounds like cats after fish , and a burst of swearing from the old man .	13	cats
As the plans were laid , some several thousand fat cats were to be ensconced in the armory's $100 seats and in 68 ringside boxes priced at $10,000 each .	10	cats
But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching .	10	cats
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance .	40	cats
After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick .	7	mice
a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .	6	mice
We classify mice as `` straight-haired '' or `` wavy-haired '' , but a hairless mouse appears .	2	mice
`` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the falcon to protect the dove ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' .	10	mice
It is natural from the marksman's viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success , but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse .	17	mice
Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents , such as porcupines and mice , on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands .	25	mice
for the mice , we restrict attention to litters of eight ( Af ) ; ;	2	mice
In litters of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8 .	4	mice
In litters of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8 .	12	mice
Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species .	12	bumblebees
When she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment .	24	bumblebees
Apart from the honeybee , practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor .	9	bumblebees
Female individuals of Psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize .	13	bumblebees
On the basis of its life history , we like to think that Andrena is more primitive than the bumblebees .	19	bumblebees
Bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the onslaughts of Psithyrus , the `` cuckoo-bumblebee '' as it is called in some European countries .	0	bumblebees
The blooms of Ribes and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble : honeybees , bumblebees , and other wild bees , and also various kinds of flies .	25	bumblebees
As we have already seen in the first chapter , bumblebees are bigger , hairier , and much more colorful than honeybees , exhibiting various combinations of black , yellow , white and orange .	10	bumblebees
Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all .	9	bumblebees
Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs .	25	chickens
The women , keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room , sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night .	22	chickens
`` Chickens have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex .	1	chickens
`` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' .	7	chickens
More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies .	34	chickens
She paused at the kitchen door , caught her breath , told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen , where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys .	35	chickens
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens .	14	chickens
`` They eat chickens sometimes '' , the boy said .	3	chickens
She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of Glendora's dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs .	3	chickens
In Keng Kok , the City of Silkworms , the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried cicadas , and two notebooks for me .	14	chickens
Caring for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work .	10	chickens
In the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens .	7	chickens
With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake , across into Lake Traverse , and down the Red .	35	chickens
Rabbits , too , if you care for them , which most of the folk around here haven't the sense to appreciate .	0	rabbits
There were new yellow curtains , bright as a child's life ought to be , a new bedspread , lively with hopping rabbits , and hanging from the ceiling was an airy Mother Goose Mobile , spinning slowly in the breeze .	22	rabbits
The redcoats ran like rabbits .	4	rabbits
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road .	16	rabbits
The anti-human sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into rabbits .	12	rabbits
One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse .	5	monkeys
the protection of forage , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ;	13	insects
The chief factors responsible for the spoilage of fresh foodstuffs are ( 1 ) microorganisms such as bacteria , molds , and yeasts , ( 2 ) enzymes , ( 3 ) insects , ( 4 ) sprouting , and ( 5 ) chemical reactions .	32	insects
although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long cloudy night , filled with the sounds of the industrious insects , seemed endless .	21	insects
The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects .	14	insects
Well he knew the sleepless nights , the howling sore-ridden dogs and the biting insects in the villages of the Kofanes and Huitotoes .	14	insects
The total adverse impact of disease , insects , fire , weather , destructive animals , and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized .	7	insects
The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption .	31	insects
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird .	4	insects
Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action .	9	insects
Drought , hail , disease , and insects take their toll of crops .	7	insects
It furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats .	6	insects
In the jungle , birds were mute , while insects preserved only the monotony of living .	9	insects
Insects there were on the world , but they were frozen solid during the night , only to revive and thaw in the morning sun .	0	insects
The blooms of Ribes and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble : honeybees , bumblebees , and other wild bees , and also various kinds of flies .	19	insects
In addition to direct protection measures , more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease .	20	insects
For destruction of insects -- about 25,000 Aj .	3	insects
Before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy , and insects hummed and birds occasionally called .	11	insects
About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes .	16	insects
The Australian and I both were wearing insect repellent and were not badly bothered by insects , but my eyes watered as we stood watching the aborigine .	15	insects
the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire , windstorm , insects , and disease ; ;	24	insects
In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , George E. Bohart mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females .	18	insects
`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , Buchheister told the delegates .	21	insects
And I suppose now that you've finally grown up , if a little late , you'd go on producing kittens every six months or so .	19	kittens
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan .	22	kittens
`` A lot of people are so peculiar that they don't like cats , it's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! !	27	kittens
Yes , well , it's a pity to spoil your girlish figure -- which all those kittens would do anyway -- but I think when you've raised these we'll just have the vet fix it so there won't be any more .	16	kittens
He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens .	24	kittens
The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program , poultry for eggs , pigs to eat garbage , a beef herd and wastes of all kinds .	25	pigs
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to Berkshires ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned .	9	pigs
One day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs '' .	14	pigs
`` I'm not going to be one of your guinea pigs .	10	pigs
Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs .	32	pigs
The school raises enough poultry , pigs , and beef cattle for most of their needs .	6	pigs
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead .	9	ants
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead .	13	ants
The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties -- Troup , Pierce , Bryan and Bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants , according to W. E. Blasingame state entomologist .	30	ants
the peonies , whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them ; ;	26	ants
That made up for the `` best '' motel in Norman , Okla. , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture .	26	ants
Did an anteater want ants ? ?	4	ants
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby .	0	ants
They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills .	16	ox
Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( ox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; ;	18	ox
Governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines , and a barrel of rum was broached .	4	ox
The cook got drunk , and President Wheelock proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself .	19	ox
The first cattle the Injuns saw under the white man's control were the ox teams of the early freighters .	13	ox
The man was an ox and he put up a creditable struggle ; ;	4	ox
beef calves -- to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal .	1	calves
A tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other than lactating dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating , shipping , weaning calves , and excessive handling .	27	calves
She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves .	44	calves
-- For calves , feed not less than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot rot .	2	calves
Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found .	3	rattlesnakes
Laurence M. Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and Charles C. Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults .	15	rattlesnakes
`` Not a danged thing but rattlesnakes , so I reckon I'll get the boss rattler to help me '' .	6	rattlesnakes
They danced the paxam wildly at night , the war dance , and dipped their arrowheads in the venom of rattlesnakes and rode their horses in swift maneuvers , firing their few guns in unison at some indeterminate signal .	20	rattlesnakes
There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes '' .	5	rattlesnakes
Out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that Roy first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and geese on the wing -- almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape .	32	ducks
We have no right to criticize them , as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war .	15	ducks
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming , `` O Gogol , O Chekhov , O Thackeray and Dickens , what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks , a birdbath , and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps '' ? ?	42	ducks
He stroked the hens and they responded with delighted clucks , he gobbled with the turkeys and they at once were all attention , he quacked with the ducks , and cackled with a pair of exceedingly flattered geese .	28	ducks
'49 ) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in rats .	16	rats
Ellis , Grindlay and Edwards ( '52 ) also were unable to find them in rats .	15	rats
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city .	17	rats
Fuzzy caterpillars , snails with their sensitive horns , struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to `` spit tobacco , spit '' .	10	grasshoppers
In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the Forks '' ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819 , twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie Du Chien .	2	grasshoppers
It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward .	13	grasshoppers
No one told on Ludie , not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box .	12	grasshoppers
